THIS DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN STATEMENT IS DATED 30 MAY 2025
DIVIDEND NO. 41

YINSON HOLDINGS BERHAD
Registration No. 199301004410 (259147-A)
(Incorporated in Malaysia under the Companies Act 1965 and deemed registered under the Companies Act 2016)
DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN STATEMENT
(Abbreviations and definitions, unless where the context requires otherwise, shall be as set out in Section 2 under “Definitions” governing this Statement).
This Statement contains the Terms and Conditions as may be amended from time to time of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan of YHB under which persons appearing in the Record of Depositors of YHB, as Shareholders on the Entitlement Date may, in relation to any Dividends, be given a Reinvestment Option as the Board may, at its absolute discretion, make available.
Irrespective of whether an election is made by a Shareholder, a tax voucher will be despatched to all Shareholders. For income tax purposes, a Shareholder shall be treated as having received cash dividend distribution equivalent to the amount of the Dividend declared, notwithstanding that the Shareholder may elect to exercise the Reinvestment Option (in whole or in part). Hence, the election for the Reinvestment Option does not relieve the Shareholder of any income tax obligation (if applicable) and there is no tax advantage to be gained in exercising the Reinvestment Option or otherwise.
SUMMARY OF THE DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN
The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will provide Shareholders with an option to elect to reinvest their Dividends in New Shares, instead of receiving cash.
Whenever a Dividend is announced, the Board may, at its absolute discretion, determine whether to pay such Dividend in cash or to offer the Shareholders the Reinvestment Option and where applicable, the size of the Electable Portion. Shareholders should note that YHB is not obliged to undertake the Dividend Reinvestment Plan for each and every Dividend.
In this respect, the Electable Portion may encompass the whole or part of the Dividend. In the event the Electable Portion is not applicable for the whole Dividend, the Remaining Portion will be paid in cash.
Unless the Board has determined that the Reinvestment Option will apply to a particular Dividend (whether in whole or in part), all Dividends as may be declared by YHB will be paid wholly in cash to Shareholders in the usual manner through the Dividend Payment Account.
YHB will issue the New Shares to Shareholders who elect to exercise the Reinvestment Option under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. The Issue Price which will be determined and fixed by the Board on the Price-Fixing Date shall be at an issue price of not more than 10% discount to the 5-day VWAP of YHB Shares immediately prior to the Price-Fixing Date. The VWAP of YHB Shares shall be adjusted ex-dividend before applying the aforementioned discount in fixing the Issue Price.
Approval will be sought from Bursa Securities for the listing of and quotation for the New Shares on the Main Market of Bursa Securities pursuant to each and every Dividend to which the Dividend Reinvestment Plan applies. An announcement of the Entitlement Date in relation to a Dividend to which the Reinvestment Option applies will be made, after receipt of the approval of Bursa Securities and approval from Shareholders and other relevant authorities, where applicable. The Issue Price shall be announced either on the same day as or before the announcement of the Entitlement Date in relation to a Dividend to which the Reinvestment Option applies.
Subsequent to the Entitlement Date, a Notice of Election will be despatched to the Shareholders. Instructions will be provided in the Notice of Election in respect of the action to be taken by the Shareholders should they wish to exercise the Reinvestment Option. The Notice of Election will also state, amongst others, the Expiry Date.
The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will allow Shareholders to have the following options in respect of the Reinvestment Option:-
(i)	to elect to participate in the Reinvestment Option by reinvesting the entire Electable Portion at the Issue Price for New Shares and to receive the Non-Electable Portion in cash;
(ii)	to elect to participate in the Reinvestment Option by reinvesting part of the Electable Portion at the Issue Price for New Shares, and to receive the balance of the Electable Portion and NonElectable Portion in cash; or
(iii)	to elect not to participate in the Reinvestment Option and thereby receive their entire Dividend entitlement (both Electable Portion and Non-Electable Portion) in cash.
A stamp duty of RM10.00 will be levied on each DRF or e-DRF submitted by the Participating Shareholders. In addition, Participating Shareholders submitting the e-DRF via SSHSB Online will be charged a handling fee of RM5.00 by the Share Registrar for each e-DRF.
YHB will, within 8 Market Days from the Expiry Date or such date as may be prescribed by Bursa Securities, allot and issue the New Shares and despatch notices of allotment to Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option). The New Shares to be issued pursuant to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan will not be underwritten.
Concurrently, on the Allotment Date (which will be within 1 month from the Entitlement Date and in any event, within 3 months from the date of declaration of the Dividend or the date on which the approval is obtained in a general meeting of YHB, whichever is applicable), the Remaining Portion and the balance of the Electable Portion not reinvested will be paid in cash to the respective Shareholders in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account, where applicable.
YHB will also release an announcement on the Market Day on which the New Shares will be listed and quoted on the Main Market of Bursa Securities.
The New Shares will, upon allotment and issuance, rank equally in all respects with the existing YHB Shares, save and except that the holders of New Shares will not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other forms of distributions that may be declared, made or paid for which the entitlement date precedes the date of allotment and issuance of the New Shares. The New Shares are prescribed securities and will be credited directly into the respective CDS accounts of Shareholders who exercise their Reinvestment Option. No physical share certificates will be issued to the Shareholders.
All Shareholders are eligible to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan subject to the restrictions described in the Terms and Conditions.
HOW TO PARTICIPATE
Participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan is optional and not transferable. A Shareholder wishing to exercise the Reinvestment Option in respect of any Electable Portion to which a Notice of Election received by him/her relates must complete the DRF and return it to the office of the Share Registrar or submit the completed e-DRF to our Share Registrar via SSHSB Online, Bursa Anywhere or NRS in accordance with the instructions as prescribed therein.
Shareholders who receive more than 1 Notice of Election and wish to reinvest in New Shares in respect of all or part of his/her entitlement to the Electable Portion arising from his/her entire holding of YHB Shares must complete all the Notices of Election received by him/her (to the extent of the entitlement to the Electable Portion in which he/she intends to reinvest in New Shares) and return the completed DRF to the office of the Share Registrar or at such address as may be determined by the Company from time to time, or submit the completed e-DRF to the Share Registrar via SSHSB Online, Bursa Anywhere or NRS in accordance with the instruction as prescribed therein on or before the Expiry Date. Shareholders should note that they are at liberty to decide which particular Notice of Election they wish to elect for the reinvestment in New Shares.
Where any particular Notice of Election is not elected upon, the Dividend relating thereto will be paid in cash by the Company to the Shareholders in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account.
To be effective in respect of any Electable Portion to which a Notice of Election relates, such duly completed and signed DRF contained in the Notice of Election (together with the Stamp Certificate issued via Stamp Assessment and Payment System (“STAMPS”) as proof of payment of stamp duty) must be received by the Share Registrar or at such address as may be determined by the Company from time to time, or by electronic means through the Share Registrar via SSHSB Online, Bursa Anywhere or NRS in accordance with the instruction as prescribed therein on or before the Expiry Date (which shall be at least 14 days from the date the Notice of Election is despatched is sent) stated in the Notice of Election in respect of that particular Reinvestment Option.
All Shareholders are eligible to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, provided that:-
(i)	such participation will not result in a breach of any restrictions on their holding of YHB Shares which may be imposed by any of their contractual obligations, or by any statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia or any other relevant jurisdiction, or by any relevant authorities as the case may be (unless the requisite approvals under the relevant statute, law or regulation or from the relevant authorities are first obtained or the relevant contractual obligation is otherwise waived in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts); or
(ii)	there are no restrictions for such participation as prescribed in the Constitution.
Shareholders should however note that the Notice of Election will not be sent to Shareholders whose address in the Company’s Record of Depositors is not in Malaysia to avoid any violation on the part of YHB of any securities laws applicable outside Malaysia.
Shareholders who currently do not have registered addresses in Malaysia and who wish to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan are strongly advised to provide the Share Registrar with an address in Malaysia not less than 3 Market Days before the relevant Entitlement Date in respect of any particular Dividend to which the Reinvestment Option is made available by the Board.
Shareholders should note that under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan:-
(i)	in exercising the Reinvestment Option, they are at their liberty to reinvest the entire Electable 
Portion or a part thereof to which a Notice of Election relates; and
(ii)	their right to exercise the Reinvestment Option is non-transferable.
Shareholders will receive the Electable Portion in cash if they do not expressly elect in writing or by electronic means to exercise the Reinvestment Option by the Expiry Date. As such, Shareholders who wish to reject the Reinvestment Option or to receive their Dividend wholly in cash need not take any action with regards to the Notice of Election.
The percentage shareholding of a Shareholder may be diluted should he/she decides not to exercise his/her Reinvestment Option. However, the extent of the dilution, if any, will depend on the number of New Shares issued by the Company pursuant to the level of the Reinvestment Option exercised by other Shareholders.
A process flow chart in relation to how the Dividend Reinvestment Plan is intended to be administered is shown below:-
 
In respect of Step 5, Shareholders should take note that the Cash Payment, the Share Allotment and the DRP Payment will occur on the same day, which will be within 1 month from the Entitlement Date and in any event, within 3 months from the date of declaration of the Dividend or the date on which the approval is obtained in a general meeting of YHB, whichever is applicable.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN
1.	Establishment
The Dividend Reinvestment Plan will be established by the Board and the administration of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, including the Reinvestment Option and the Electable Portion shall be determined by the Board at its absolute discretion.
2.	Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply:-
	Allotment Date	:	Date of the issuance of New Shares which falls within 8 Market Days from the Expiry Date or such date as may be prescribed by Bursa Securities
	Board	:	Board of Directors of YHB
	Bursa Anywhere	:	Bursa Depository’s mobile application electronic platform that enables depositors to access, manage, execute CDS transactions and receive CDS notifications electronically.
	Bursa Depository	:	Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn 	Bhd,	Registration 	No. 198701006854 (165570-W)
	Bursa Securities 	:	Bursa 	Malaysia 	Securities 	Berhad,	Registration 	No. 200301033577 (635998-W)
	CDS	:	Central Depository System
	CMSA	:	Capital Markets and Services Act 2007
	Constitution	:	Constitution of YHB
	Control	:	The acquisition or holding of, or entitlement to exercise or control the exercise of, voting shares or voting rights of more than 33%, or such other amount as may be prescribed in the CMSA and Rules, howsoever effected
	Dividend(s)	:	Cash dividend(s) as may be declared by YHB, which includes any interim, final, special or other types of cash dividend
	Dividend Payment Account	:	The non-interest bearing account opened by the Company to facilitate the payment of Dividends
	Dividend 
Reinvestment Plan	:	Dividend reinvestment plan which was approved by the 
Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on 16 July 2024
	DRF	:	Dividend reinvestment form
	e-DRF	:	Electronic DRF
	Electable Portion	:	The whole or part of the Dividends to which the Board, at its absolute discretion, determines that the Reinvestment Option applies
			

Entitlement Date	:	The date as at the close of business (to be determined and announced later by the Board) on which Shareholders’ names appear in the Record of Depositors of the Company in order to participate in the Proposed DRP applicable to a Dividend
Expiry Date	:	The last day (which will be a date to be fixed and announced by the Board and which shall be at least 14 days from the date of Notice of Election is despatched or such date as may be prescribed by Bursa Securities) by which an election to be made by the Shareholders in relation to their Electable Portion must be received by the Share Registrar or at such address as may be determined by the Company from time to time, or by electronic means through the Share Registrar’s website
Issue Price	:	The issue price of the New Shares, to be determined and fixed by the Board on the Price-Fixing Date, and which shall be an issue price of not more than 10% discount to the 5-day VWAP of YHB Shares immediately preceding the Price-Fixing Date, of which the 
VWAP shall be adjusted ex-dividend before applying the aforementioned discount in fixing the issue price at the material time
Listing Requirements	:	Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities, as amended from time to time
Market Day(s)	:	Any day between Mondays to Fridays (inclusive of both days) which is not a public holiday and on which Bursa Securities is open for the trading of securities, which may include a surprise holiday (i.e. a day that is declared as a public holiday in the Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur that has not been gazetted as a public holiday at the beginning of the calendar year)
New Share(s)	:	New YHB Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed DRP
Non-Electable Portion	:	The portion of a Dividend, to which the Board, in its absolute discretion, determines that the Reinvestment Option does not apply
Notice of Election	:	The notice of election (in such form as the Board may approve) in relation to the Reinvestment Option by which the Shareholders confirm the exercise thereof, which may be completed in writing or electronically on the Share Registrar’s website. The Notice of Election, which will stipulate amongst others, the instructions in respect of the action to be taken by Shareholders should they wish to exercise the Reinvestment Option as well as the Expiry Date, will be despatched to the Shareholders after the Entitlement Date
NRS	:	Nominee Rights Subscription service offered by Bursa Depository
Overseas 
Shareholder(s)	:	Shareholder(s) whose address(es) in the Company’s Record of Depositors is/are outside of Malaysia
Participating Shareholder(s)	:	Shareholder(s) who elect to exercise the Reinvestment Option pursuant to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan up to the extent of the Electable Portion in respect of his/her holding of YHB Shares as at each Entitlement Date to which each Notice of Election received by him/her relates
Price-Fixing Date	:	The date on which the Board determines and announces the Issue Price. For avoidance of doubt, the Price-Fixing Date shall be determined and announced by the Board, upon procuring all relevant approvals, either on the same day as or before the announcement of the Entitlement Date in relation to a Dividend to which the Reinvestment Option applies
Record of Depositors	:	A record of depositors established by Bursa Depository under the Rules of Bursa Depository
Reinvestment Option	:	The option given to the Shareholders pursuant to the Proposed 
DRP and at the Board’s discretion, to reinvest all or part of the 
Electable Portion of their Dividends into New Shares
Remaining Portion	:	The remaining portion of the Dividend (where the Electable Portion is not applicable to the whole Dividend declared) which will be paid in cash
RM and sen	:	Ringgit Malaysia and sen, respectively
Rules	:	Rules on Take-overs, Mergers and Compulsory Acquisitions issued by the Securities Commission Malaysia
Shareholder(s)	:	Shareholder(s) of YHB
Share Registrar or Securities Services	:	The share registrar of YHB, namely Securities Services (Holdings) Sdn Bhd (Registration No. 197701005827 (36869-T) or such other person, firm or company as for the time being maintaining the share registrar of YHB in Malaysia
SSHSB Online	:	Share Registrar’s online website at www.sshsb.com.my
Statement	:	Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement
Terms and Conditions	:	The terms and conditions of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan as may be amended, modified and supplemented from time to time
VWAP	:	Volume weighted average price
YHB or Company	:	Yinson Holdings Berhad,	Registration No. 199301004410 (259147-A)
YHB Share(s) or Shares(s)	:	Ordinary shares in the Company
3.	Eligibility
All Shareholders are eligible to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, provided that:-
(i)	such participation will not result in a breach of any restrictions applicable on their holding of YHB Shares which may be imposed by any contractual obligations, statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia or any other relevant jurisdiction, as the case may be (unless the requisite approvals under the relevant statute, law or regulation from the relevant authorities are first obtained or the relevant contractual obligation is otherwise waived in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts); or
(ii)	there are no restrictions for such participation as prescribed in the Constitution.
4.	Overseas Shareholders
To avoid any violation on the part of YHB of any securities laws applicable outside Malaysia, the Dividend Reinvestment Plan will only be offered for subscription in Malaysia. No action has been or will be taken to ensure that the Dividend Reinvestment Plan complies with the laws of any countries or jurisdictions other than the laws of Malaysia. Accordingly, documents relating to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, including the Notice(s) of Election, will not be sent to Overseas Shareholders. No Overseas Shareholder shall have any claim whatsoever against the Company as a result of the documents relating to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan not being sent to such Overseas Shareholder. Overseas Shareholders who receive or come to have in their possession a Notice of Election and/or any other documents relating to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan may not treat the same as being applicable to them (except where the Notice of Election and/or documents relating to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan have been collected from the Share Registrar in the manner specified below) and are, in any event, advised to inform themselves of, and to observe, any prohibitions and restrictions, and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations relating to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan as may be applicable to them.
Overseas Shareholders may collect the documents relating to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan from the Share Registrar, Securities Services (Holdings) Sdn Bhd, at Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar Damansara, Damansara Heights, 50490 Kuala Lumpur, 
Malaysia or at such address as may be announced by the Company from time to time and the Share Registrar may in such an event be entitled to satisfy itself as to the identity and authority of the person collecting the Notice of Election or alternatively, provide the Share Registrar with their respective addresses in Malaysia not later than 3 Market Days before the relevant Entitlement Date in respect of any particular Dividend to which the Dividend Reinvestment Plan shall apply.
Overseas Shareholders will be solely responsible for seeking advice as to the laws of any jurisdiction that they may be subjected to, and participation by Overseas Shareholders in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan will be on the basis that they may lawfully so participate without the Company and its directors, employees and advisers, as well as their relevant representatives being in breach of the laws of any jurisdiction.
Neither the Company, any of its subsidiaries, their respective directors, officers, employees, advisers, agents, affiliates and representatives and the employees of the advisers, agents, affiliates and representatives nor any other advisers shall accept any responsibility or liability in the event of any participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan by an Overseas Shareholder is or shall become illegal, unenforceable, voidable or void in any such countries or jurisdictions.
5.	Mode of election to participate
Participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
By electing to exercise the Reinvestment Option under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, the Shareholder (who exercises the Reinvestment Option), unconditionally and irrevocably:-
(i)	warrants to the Company that he/she has the legal right, full power and authority to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan and that his/her participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan will not result in a breach of any statute, law or regulation or contractual obligation by which he/she is bound;
(ii)	acknowledges that the Company may at its absolute discretion determine whether the Shareholder’s (who exercises the Reinvestment Option) Notice of Election is valid, even if the DRF or e-DRF is incomplete, contains errors or is otherwise defective;
(iii)	acknowledges that the Company may accept or reject the DRF or e-DRF from the Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option), and the decision of the Company is final and conclusive and agrees that the Company need not provide any reason for such decision;
(iv)	acknowledges that the Company has not provided the Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option) with investment advice or any other advice;
(v)	agrees to the Terms and Conditions and agrees not to do any act or thing which would be contrary to the intention or purpose of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan;
(vi)	submits to the jurisdiction of the Malaysian Courts, in each case, at all times until the termination of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan; and
(vii)	agrees that notwithstanding any other provisions, the Terms and Conditions set out herein or otherwise and irrespective of whether an election to exercise the Reinvestment Option has been made, if at any time after the Board has determined that the Dividend Reinvestment Plan shall apply to any Dividend and before the allotment and issuance of the New Shares in respect of the Electable Portion, the Board shall consider that by reason of any event or circumstance (whether arising before or after such determination) or by reason of any matter whatsoever it is no longer expedient or appropriate to implement the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in respect of the Electable Portion, the Board may, at its absolute discretion and as they may deemed fit and expedient and without assigning any reason thereto, by giving the Shareholders notice in such manner as the Board deems fit, modify, suspend (in whole or part) or cancel the application of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in relation to the Electable Portion subject to any requirement or provision imposed by any statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia, as the case may be. In such event, the Shareholders shall receive the Electable Portion in cash in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account.
YHB will within 8 Market Days from the Expiry Date or such other date as may be prescribed by Bursa Securities, allot and issue the New Shares and despatch notices of allotment to the 
Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option). Concurrently, on the Allotment Date 
(which will be on a date falling within 1 month from the Entitlement Date and in any event, within 3 months from the date of declaration of the Dividend or the date on which the approval is obtained in a general meeting of YHB, whichever is applicable), the Remaining Portion and the balance of the Electable Portion will be paid in cash to the respective Shareholders in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account, where applicable.
An announcement will be made on the listing of and quotation for the New Shares to be issued pursuant to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan on the Main Market of Bursa Securities.
Shareholders will receive the Electable Portion in cash if they do not expressly elect in writing to exercise the Reinvestment Option by the Expiry Date. As such, Shareholders who wish to reject the Reinvestment Option or to receive their Dividend wholly in cash need not take any action with regard to the Notice(s) of Election.
5.1	Manually through submission of the DRF
Subsequent to the Entitlement Date, the Company will, at its discretion, send to each Shareholder 1 or more Notice(s) of Election in relation to each CDS account held by the Shareholder. The 
Notice of Election will state the instructions in respect of the action to be taken by the 
Shareholders should they wish to exercise their respective Reinvestment Option. The Notice of Election will also state, amongst others, the Expiry Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Expiry Date shall be at least 14 days from the date the Notice of Election is despatched.
To be effective in respect of any Electable Portion, a DRF must be duly completed and executed by the Shareholder as to the confirmation of his/her election to reinvest the Electable Portion and must be received by the Share Registrar or at such address as may be announced by the Company from time to time, by the Expiry Date.
Shareholders who receive more than 1 Notice of Election and wish to reinvest in New Shares in respect of all or part of his/her entitlement to the Electable Portion arising from his/her entire holding of YHB Shares must complete all Notices of Election received by him/her and return the completed Notices of Election to the Share Registrar or at such address as may be announced by the Company from time to time, by the Expiry Date. Shareholders who receive more than 1 Notice of Election may elect to reinvest in New Shares in respect of his/her entitlement to which 1 or more Notice(s) of Election relates and may decline to reinvest in New Shares in respect of his/her entitlement to which another or any other Notice of Election relates. Shareholders should note that they are at liberty to decide which particular Notices of Election they wish to elect for the reinvestment in New Shares.
Where any particular Notice of Election is not elected upon, the Dividend relating thereto will be paid in cash by the Company in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account.
Notwithstanding the date of receipt of the completed Notice(s) of Election by the Share Registrar or at such address as may be announced by the Company from time to time, in accordance with Paragraph 6.09 of the Listing Requirements, the Allotment Date of the New Shares will take place within 8 Market Days from the Expiry Date or such other date as may be prescribed by Bursa Securities, provided that the completed DRF has been received by the Share Registrar or at such address as may be announced by the Company from time to time, by the Expiry Date. A DRF to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in any other form will not be accepted by the Company.
A DRF in respect of any Electable Portion is irrevocable and shall not be withdrawn or cancelled by the Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option). The Company has the discretion and right to accept or reject any DRF that is incomplete, contains errors or is otherwise defective. The Company is under no obligation to correct any invalid Notice(s) of Election on behalf of any Shareholder or to provide any reason for rejecting any Notice(s) of Election. Any Notice(s) of Election received after the Expiry Date shall be invalid.
Effective 1 January 2024, the Inland Revenue Board of Malaysia (“IRBM”) has terminated the usage of revenue stamps as a stamping method at all IRBM stamping duty counters and district stamping offices.
In connection thereto, the application and payment of stamp duty of RM10.00 for the Dividend Reinvestment Plan is to be performed online via the IRBM system namely, STAMPS at https://stamps.hasil.gov.my/stamps/. Thereafter, a Stamp Certificate will be issued via STAMPS as proof of payment of stamp duty. 
IF YOU ELECT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN VIA PHYSICAL SUBMISSIONS OF THE COMPLETED HARDCOPY DRF, YOU MUST ATTACH A COPY OF THE STAMP CERTIFICATE TO THE COMPLETED DRF BEFORE SUBMITTING THE COMPLETED DRF TO OUR SHARE REGISTRAR.
Alternatively, you may elect to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan through submission of the e-DRF electronically via SSHSB Online, Bursa Anywhere or NRS.
5.2	Electronic election via SSHSB Online, Bursa Anywhere or NRS
Shareholders who wish to exercise their Electable Portion electronically may do so through the Share Registrar’s website via SSHSB Online at www.sshsb.com.my or alternatively via the Bursa Anywhere mobile application. To use the electronic services to exercise his/her Electable Portion, Shareholders are required to register as a user with Bursa Anywhere. Shareholders are advised to read the instructions as well as the terms and conditions of the electronic election before making an election electronically.
Participating Shareholders who wish to opt for electronic election shall take note of the following instructions:-
(i)	any electronic election of Electable Portion received by the Share Registrar after the Expiry Date shall be regarded as null and void and of no legal effect unless the Board, in its absolute discretion, determines otherwise and such Shareholder who is entitled to the Dividend based on his/her entitlement on the Entitlement Date, as the case may be, shall be deemed to have elected to receive the Dividend entitlement in cash. An electronic election, once received by the Share Registrar from the Participating Shareholder, is irrevocable and shall be binding on him/her;
(ii)	Shareholder to login to SSHSB Online in relation to each CDS account held by him/her. Accordingly, for each CDS account, the Shareholder can elect to exercise the Electable Portion in whole or part thereof as stipulated in his/her entitlement to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan or if the Registered Shareholder does not so elect, he/she will receive the Dividend entitlement wholly in cash;
(iii)	multiple submissions in relation to the same CDS account, or those appearing to be, or suspected of being multiple submissions in relation to the same CDS account, may be rejected at the discretion of the Board, and such Shareholder shall be treated as having elected to receive their Electable Portion in cash;
(iv)	any e-DRF submitted via SSHSB Online or Bursa Anywhere must be in accordance with the terms stipulated in SSHSB Online or Bursa Anywhere, this Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement and the Notice of Election. Any e-DRF submitted that does not conform to the terms of SSHSB Online or Bursa Anywhere, this Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement and the Notice of Election or which is illegible may be rejected by our Company. Our Company has the discretion and right to accept or reject any e-DRF that is incomplete, contain errors, and/or illegible, and you shall be treated as having elected to receive the Electable Portion in cash;
(v)	the electronic election made must be in accordance with the notes and instructions as prescribed therein on or before the expiry date. Any electronic election submitted that does not conform to the terms of SSHSB Online, this Statement or which are illegible may not be accepted at the sole discretion of the Company. The Company reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to reject any electronic election which is incomplete, incorrectly completed, and/or illegible, and such Shareholder shall be treated as having elected to receive their Electable Portion in cash;
All Registered Shareholders who wish to exercise the Electable Portion electronically are required to follow the procedures as stated below:-
Procedure to exercise the Electable Portion electronically
(PLEASE SUBSCRIBE NO LATER THAN EXPIRY DATE FOR THE DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN)
Step 1:	Login to SSHSB Online www.sshsb.com.my	Notes:
Step 2:	Select the corporate exercise name: “YHB -	DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN”	
Step 3:	Read and agree to the Terms & Conditions and Declaration	• You are required to read, understand, and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions in relation to the access and use of SSHSB Online at www.sshsb.com.my, which constitute a legal agreement between you and Securities Services. You represent and warrant that you have full authority to accept these terms and conditions
Step 4:	Enter your CDS account	• For each CDS account, the Shareholder can elect to exercise the Electable Portion in whole or part thereof as stipulated in his/her entitlement to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan or if the Registered Shareholder does not so elect, he/she will receive the Dividend entitlement wholly in cash
Step 5:	Review your election and click “Confirm”	
Step 6:	Proceed to pay the stamp duty of RM10.00 and handling fee of RM5.00 for each e-DRF via online payment at the specified payment methods	
Step 7:	Completion of payment	•	To print the payment receipt
•	To print your e-DRF for your record
If you encounter any problems during the process, please do not hesitate to contact the Share Registrar at +603 – 2084 9000.
Terms and Conditions for exercising the Electable Portion electronically
(i)	You are to abide by all cut-off dates and times for the SSHSB Online at www.sshsb.com.my based on directives issued by the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise in connection therewith, where relevant.
(ii)	You may submit your election via completed DRF.
(iii)	You are responsible that your election by way of electronic is subject to the risk of the hardware/device (including but limited to desktop computers, laptop computers, electronic tablet, television screens and mobile phones), the network connection to utilise the electronic election. Any fees/expenses incurred arising from such network connection shall be fully borne by you. You acknowledge that your electronic election is subject to the above risks which beyond the control of the entity of the Share Registrar and irrevocably agree that if:-
(a)	the entity or the Share Registrar does not receive your electronic election; or
(b)	data relating to your electronic election application is wholly or partially lost, corrupted or inaccessible, or not transmitted or communicated to the Share Registrar, you will be deemed not to have made an electronic election and you may not make any claim whatsoever against the Company or the Share Registrar for the Provisional Allotments accepted and Excess Application for any compensation, loss or damage relating to the electronic election. The Share Registrar will not be liable for any delays, failures or inaccurate in the processing of data relating to your electronic election due to a breakdown or failure transmission or communication failure or to any cause beyond control.
(iv)	You are to ensure that all information provided whilst utilising the SSHSB Online at www.sshsb.com.my are true and accurate. Share Registrar and/or the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise shall not be held liable or responsible for any inaccurate and/or incomplete information provided by the shareholders.
(v)	In utilising the electronic election, you shall endeavour to abide at all times to all applicable laws, regulations and the Constitution/regulations governing the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise regardless of the location from where you are logging in to utilise the SSHSB Online at www.sshsb.com.my.
(vi)	You are hereby confirming and declare that:-
(a)	all information provided by you is true and correct;
(b)	all information is identical with the information in the records of Bursa Depository and further agree and confirm that in the event the said information differs from Bursa Depository’s record as mentioned earlier, the exercise of your rights may be rejected; and
•	You are 18 years of age or over and am not an undischarged bankrupt.
•	You are a resident of Malaysia.
(vii)	You consent to the Company and Share Registrar collecting the information and personal data (collectively, “Data”) required herein, to process and disclose such Data to any person for the purposes of implementing the Dividend Reinvestment Plan and storing such Data in any servers located in Malaysia or outside Malaysia in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. The measures have been taken to protect the confidentiality and security of the information provided.
(viii)	You have read and understood and hereby accept all the terms and conditions set out in this Statement and further confirm compliance with all requirements for acceptance and payment as set out therein.
(ix)	You agreed that in consideration of the Company agreeing to allow and accept your electronic election, your electronic election is irrevocable and cannot be subsequently withdrawn.
(x)	You have read and agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions of the electronic election.
(xi)	You are eligible to apply for the securities in Malaysia or in jurisdiction where the securities offering is intended to be available.
(xii)	You agree to give consent to the Share Registrar to disclose information pertaining to the investor to relevant entities involved in the application process.
(xiii)	The Share Registrar, on the authority of the entity, reserves the right to reject elections which do not conform to the above instructions.
	5.2.1	Procedures to submit e-DRF via Bursa Anywhere
	(i)	Sign up as a Bursa Anywhere user
You are required to do a one-time registration (at no charge) as a user with Bursa Anywhere. You can download Bursa Anywhere mobile apps from Google Play Store for Android or App Store for iOS (Apple) and follow the instruction on the screens to complete the registration process. You will receive an e-mail notification upon your successful registration as Bursa Anywhere user.
	(ii)	Procedures to exercise Electable Portion electronically via Bursa 
Anywhere 
(a)	Login to Bursa Anywhere by entering your username and password. 
(b)	Select “My Services” at the bottom of the screen. 
(c)	Select “ECORPORATE ACTION”. 
(d)	Select “EDIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN”. 
(e)	Select “Application” to accept the Offer. 
(f)	Select the company and click on Yinson Holdings Berhad.
(g)	Read and agree to the Terms and Conditions for acceptance of Dividend Reinvestment Plan via Bursa Anywhere to proceed to the next page. 
(h)	Go to your CDS Account and then click “Select”. 
(i)	You will then come to a page on your Dividend entitlement and the Electable Portion of Dividend to reinvest. 
(j)	Fill out the entitled quantity Dividend Reinvestment Plan securities to reinvest. 
(k)	You will then come to a “Preview” page, where it displays the information of your elected Reinvestment Option, please go through the details thoroughly to ensure its accuracy. At the bottom of the same page, click “CONFIRM” once you have verified the accuracy of the information. 
(l)	Next, a verification code will be sent to your mobile phone (the mobile number provided when you register to use Bursa Anywhere). 
(m)	You are required to key-in and submit the verification code. 
(n)	Once re-directed to the payment gateway, proceed to select your online banking service. You will need to login to your online bank account and proceed to complete the required payment of stamp duty at RM10.00 and processing fee of RM4.00 for each e-DRF submitted. 
(o)	Once you have completed the payment, you will be brought to the “Thank You” page which also displays the bank transaction details. Click “Done” and you will be re-directed back to the “My Services” landing page of Bursa Anywhere. 
(p)	You will receive a push notification from Bursa Anywhere and a message in your Bursa Anywhere account inbox on the successful submission of your e-DRF. 
(q)	You may check your Dividend Reinvestment Plan acceptance records by selecting “EDIVIDEND REINVESTMENT PLAN” and then selecting “APPLICATION HISTORY” on Bursa Anywhere.
(iii) The e-DRF made via Bursa Anywhere shall be subject to the Terms and Conditions and those appearing herein:-
(a)	the electronic Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement, together with Notice of Election are available at the landing page of Corporate Announcement at Bursa Securities’ website and can be accessed via the hyperlink in Bursa Anywhere. You should read the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement and Notice of Election prior to making an e-DRF submission and should consider making an e-DRF submission based on the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement and Notice of Election rather than on advertising or promotional materials; 
(b)	Bursa Depository is not responsible for, has not authorised and shall not be deemed to have authorised the contents of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement or Notice of Election or DRF (whether in electronic or physical form or otherwise) and therefore, shall not have any liability in respect of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement, Notice of Election, DRF or the e-DRF submitted;
(c)	by submitting an e-DRF, you confirm that:-
(i)	you have read and understood the contents of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement, Notice of Election and the DRF;
(ii)	you have read and agreed to be bound by the Terms and Conditions for the e-DRF and the terms and conditions of Bursa Anywhere;
(iii)	you agree to give irrevocable consent to Bursa Depository to disclose information pertaining to you, including bank account information, which are necessary or expedient to the relevant entities involved in the processing of the e-DRF and facilitating any other purpose relating to the e-DRF;
(iv)	you agree to give irrevocable consent to the crediting of the New Shares to your CDS account(s) from which the submission of eDRF is successful; and
(v)	our Company, our Share Registrar, Bursa Depository, Bursa Securities, Bursa Malaysia Berhad and their appointed service providers will not accept any responsibility or liability if any reinvestment option and e-DRF by a non-resident securities holder is or becomes illegal, unenforceable, voidable or void in countries or jurisdictions outside Malaysia;
(d)	submission of e-DRF shall close on the Expiry Date;
(e)	an e-DRF is deemed to be received by Bursa Anywhere only upon its completion, that is, when you have:-
(i)	successfully made full fee payment via the payment gateway; and 
(ii)	received an email indicating that the e-DRF has been submitted to our Company or our Share Registrar;
(f)	you are advised to print out and retain a copy of the transaction record of e-DRF for records purposes. The transaction record of e-DRF is only a record of the completed transactions received at Bursa Anywhere and not a record of the receipt of the e-DRF or any data relating to such an e-DRF by our Company or our Share Registrar;
(g)	upon receipt of the transaction record of e-DRF, cancellation of the e-DRF will not be allowed. Please refer to our Company or our Share Registrar for any right to withdraw your Dividend Reinvestment Plan application;
(h)	Bursa Depository shall not be liable for any applications made through any alternative methods of application; 
(i)	if Bursa Depository has any reason to believe that the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement, Notice of Election or processes for collection and handling of e-DRF have been tampered with, Bursa Depository may reject the e-DRF and Bursa Depository shall not be liable for such rejection;
(j)	no e-DRF will be entertained after the Expiry Date. Bursa Depository, Bursa Securities and Bursa Malaysia Berhad do not guarantee any allotment of securities as a result of the e-DRF submission and are not responsible for any non-payment of Dividend or non-allotment of New Shares or part thereof by our Company pursuant to the e-DRF;
(k)	no refund of any fee charged by Bursa Depository and applicable tax (if any), will be made to you if your e-DRF is rejected by our Share Registrar;
(l)	any invalid or rejected e-DRF shall be treated as having elected to receive the Dividend entitlement in cash;
(m)	by submitting an e-DRF, you agree to assume the risks associated with conducting transactions online, including risks of electrical, electronic, technical and mobile-related faults and breakdowns, faults with mobile applications, problems occurring during data transmission, mobile security threats such as viruses, hackers and crackers, fires, acts of God and other events beyond the control of Bursa Depository, and/or our Company. You acknowledge that the aforementioned events may result in (i) interruption, transmission blackout or delayed transmission; and/or (ii) incorrect data transmission due to the public nature of the Internet and agrees to bear such risks. You agree that neither Bursa Depository, Bursa Securities, Bursa Malaysia Berhad, our Company nor our Share Registrar shall be liable for any delay, failure or inaccuracy in the recording, storage or transmission or delivery of data, breakdown or failure in communication facilities or due to any cause beyond their control;
(n)	if Bursa Depository, our Company and/or our Share Registrar does not receive your e-DRF and/or the relevant payment, or in the event that any data relating to the e-DRF is lost, corrupted, destroyed or otherwise not accessible, whether wholly or partially and for any reason whatsoever, you are deemed to have never made an e-DRF. In such an event, you shall not hold Bursa Depository, Bursa Securities, Bursa Malaysia Berhad, our Company and/or our Share Registrar liable for any matter arising from or in relation to the purported e-DRF concerned;
(o)	instead of submitting an e-DRF, you may alternatively submit applications through the existing manual paper-based application method as well as other means of application specified in the Notice of Election or Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement;
(p)	Bursa Depository is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. It uses a variety of security technologies and procedures, to help protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information provided through Bursa Anywhere, from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. In addition, Bursa Depository has put in place appropriate measures to minimise the risks of unauthorised access and to maintain the security of the information it collects through Bursa Anywhere.
5.2.2 Procedures for nominees Shareholders to submit the e-DRF by way of NRS are set out below:-
Our Company has appointed Bursa Depository to provide NRS to those of you who are authorised nominees. Only our entitled shareholders who are authorised nominees and who have subscribed for NRS with Bursa Depository may apply via NRS.
(a)	Please read carefully and follow the terms of this of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan Statement, Notice of Election and the DRF, the procedures, terms and conditions for application via NRS and Bursa Depository's terms and conditions for NRS and User Guide for NRS (which are made available to all authorised nominees who have subscribed for NRS with Bursa Depository) before making the application.
(b)	To exercise the Electable Portion electronically via NRS, you will be required to submit your subscription information via Dividend Reinvestment Plan subscription file which is to be prepared based on the format as set out in Bursa Depository's User Guide for NRS.

(c)	Stamp duty at RM10.00 and processing fee of RM2.00 are payable for each CDS account in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan subscription file.
(d)	Your application shall signify, and shall be treated as, your acceptance of the number of New Shares that may be allotted to you.
(e)	You acknowledge that by completing and submitting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan subscription file to Bursa Depository, you, if successful, request and authorise our Company to credit the New Shares allotted to you into the respective CDS Account(s) as indicated in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan subscription file.
(f)	You acknowledge that your application via NRS is subject to the risks of electrical, electronic, technical, transmission, communication and computerrelated faults and breakdowns, fires and other events beyond the control of our Company, our Share Registrar, the relevant financial institution or Bursa Depository, and irrevocably agree that if –
(i)	our Company, our Share Registrar or Bursa Depository does not receive your application via NRS; or 
(ii)	the data relating to your application via NRS is wholly or partially lost, corrupted or inaccessible, or not transmitted or communicated to our Company, our Share Registrar or Bursa Depository, 
you shall be deemed not to have made your application and you shall not make any claim whatsoever against our Company, Bursa Depository, our Share Registrar or the relevant financial institution for the New Shares applied for or for any compensation, loss or damage relating to the application for the New Shares.
(g)	By completing and submitting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan subscription file to Bursa Depository, you agree that:-
(i)	in consideration of our Company agreeing to allow and accept your application for the Dividend Reinvestment Plan via the NRS facility established by Bursa Depository, your application via NRS is irrevocable and cannot be subsequently withdrawn; 
(ii)	our Company, the relevant financial institutions, Bursa Depository and our Share Registrar shall not be liable for any delays, failures or inaccuracies in the processing of data relating to your application via NRS due to a breakdown or failure of transmission or communication facilities or to any cause beyond our control;
(iii)	you agree that in relation to any legal action, proceedings or dispute arising out of or in relation to with the contract between the parties and/or the application via NRS and/or any terms herein, all rights, obligations and liabilities shall be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of Malaysia and with all directives, rules, regulations and notices from regulatory bodies and that you irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts of Malaysia. 
(iv)	our Share Registrar and Bursa Depository, on the authority of our Company, reserves the right to reject applications which do not conform to these instructions.

(h)	Any invalid or rejected electronic election shall be treated as having elected to receive the Dividend entitlement in cash.
(i)	By electing the Electable Portion, you, if successful, request and authorise Bursa Depository to credit the New Shares allotted to the CDS account as stated in the Record of Depositors as at the Books Closure Date.
Should you have any queries, you may contact Bursa Anywhere at 60320347090 or bursaanywhere@bursamalaysia.com. 
Responsibilities and Rights of Share Registrar
(i)	Your eligibility to submit your election shall not be deemed as your entitlement to utilise the election. In consultation with the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise, Securities Services reserves the right to reject you from the usage of the electronic election at its discretion.
(ii)	Securities Services and/or the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise shall take reasonable measures to provide the electronic election without any significant interruption. Securities Services and/or the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise shall not be held liable for any interruption, delay, or failure faced by you in assessing and/or utilising the electronic election beyond the reasonable control of Securities Services and/or the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise.
(iii)	Securities Services and the entity conducting the Dividend Reinvestment Plan exercise shall comply with its obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2010. The personal data furnished by you may continue to be processed and used for the purpose of communicating with you in relation to the use of the electronic election. Securities Services may disclose your personal data maintained by Securities Services to the relevant authorities where required.
(iv)	Securities Services reserves the right to reject your electronic election if you are not conforming to Securities Services’ terms and conditions and if there are any anomalies or inconsistencies.
(v)	While Securities Services will reasonably ensure that any third-party application used or relied upon within the platform will be functioning as intended, Securities Services does not guarantee access and non-interruption beyond the reasonable control of Securities Services and you are to be bound by the respective third-party application’s terms of use / service and privacy policy.
(vi)	Neither Securities Services nor the Company shall be held responsible for any adjournment/postponement/deferment of a meeting or any decision to cease the utilisation of electronic election.
6.	Extent of application of Dividend Reinvestment Plan to each Electable Portion
In relation to any Dividend declared, the Board may, at its absolute discretion, determine whether the Dividend Reinvestment Plan shall apply and if so, whether the Electable Portion is for the whole or a portion of the Dividend. If, in its absolute discretion, the Board has not determined that the Dividend Reinvestment Plan is to apply to a particular Dividend, such Dividend shall be paid in cash to the Shareholders in the usual manner though a Dividend Payment Account.
7.	Share entitlement Maximum share entitlement
By electing to participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in respect of any Notice(s) of Election received by him/her, a Shareholder elects to reinvest the whole or part of the Electable Portion, to which such Notice of Election relates, in New Shares.
In respect of any Electable Portion, the number of New Shares to be allotted and issued to the Shareholder (who exercises the Reinvestment Option) electing to reinvest the whole or, if applicable, part of the Electable Portion in New Shares in respect of a Notice of Election shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula:-
	N	=	S x D
 
V
Where:-
N : is the maximum number of New Shares to be allotted and issued as fully paidup to the Participating Shareholder (who exercises the Reinvestment Option) in respect of such Notice(s) of Election
S : is the number of YHB Shares held by the Participating Shareholder (who exercises the Reinvestment Option) as at the Entitlement Date to which a Notice of Election relates
D : is the Electable Portion, expressed in RM, or part thereof (after deduction of applicable income tax)
	V	:	is the Issue Price
Any fractional entitlement of New Shares computed in accordance with the above formula will be paid in cash to the Shareholder (who exercises the Reinvestment Option) in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account.
The shareholdings percentage of a Shareholder in the Company will be diluted should he/she not exercise his/her Reinvestment Option. However, the extent of the dilution will depend on the number of New Shares issued by YHB pursuant to the level of exercise of the Reinvestment Option by the other Shareholders as a whole.
Balance of the Electable Portion
In respect of any Electable Portion, the balance of the Electable Portion in respect of a Notice of Election which is not reinvested in New Shares and/or fractional entitlements of New Shares and/or amounts yielding odd lots in relation to the Electable Portion under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, whichever is applicable, of which will be paid to the Participating Shareholder in cash in the usual manner (“Balance of the Electable Portion”) shall be calculated in accordance with the following formula:-
	B	=	(S x D) – (A x V)
Where:-
B	:	is the Balance of the Electable Portion in respect of such Notice of Election relates
S : is the number of YHB Shares held by the Participating Shareholder (who exercises the Reinvestment Option) as at the Entitlement Date to which a Notice of Election relates
D : is the Electable Portion, expressed in RM, or part thereof (after deduction of applicable income tax)
A : is the number of New Shares that the Participating Shareholder elects to subscribe for in respect of the Electable Portion to which such Notice of Election relates
	V	:	is the Issue Price
The Balance of the Electable Portion will be paid to the Participating Shareholders in cash in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account.
8.	Terms of allotment
The maximum number of New Shares to be issued under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan will depend on, amongst others:-
(i)	the quantum of the Dividend;
(ii)	the Board’s decision on the proportion/size of the Electable Portion;
(iii)	the number of Shareholders who elect to exercise the Reinvestment Option and the extent of their election;
(iv)	the Issue Price of the New Shares; and
(v)	any necessary downward adjustment by the Board to the final number of New Shares to be allotted and issued to any of the Shareholders as referred to in Section 14 of this Statement.
Unless the Board otherwise determines, all New Shares allotted under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan will be issued as fully paid-up. All such New Shares shall upon allotment and issuance rank equally in all respects with the existing YHB Shares in issue, save and except that the holders of New Shares will not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or any other forms of distributions that may be declared, made or paid for which the entitlement date precedes the date of allotment and issuance of the New Shares.
It should be noted that since fractional New Shares will not be allotted, Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option) shall receive any amount of the Dividend payment that is insufficient for the issuance of 1 New Share, in cash, in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account.
As the New Shares to be issued pursuant to the Dividend Reinvestment Plan are prescribed securities, the New Shares will be credited directly into the respective CDS account(s) of Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option) and no physical share certificates will be issued to the Shareholders.
9.	Odd lots
Shareholders who exercise the Reinvestment Option may be allotted New Shares in odd lots depending on his/her entitlement of New Shares. Shareholders who receive odd lots of New Shares and who wish to trade such odd lots may do so via the odd lots market of Bursa Securities, which allows the trading of odd lots with a minimum of 1 YHB Share.
A Shareholder who does not wish to receive New Shares in odd lots may round down the number of New Shares elected such that he/she will receive New Shares in multiples of, and not less than 100 New Shares. Where a Shareholder’s entitlement of New Shares is less than 100 Shares, the Shareholder can elect to receive his/her entire Dividend entitlement in cash in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account or New Shares in odd lots.
Fractional New Shares will not be allotted. Any amount of a Dividend payment that is insufficient for the issuance of 1 whole New Share will be received in cash by Shareholders in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account together with the Non-Electable Portion (if any).
10.	Cost to the Shareholders who participate in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
There are no brokerage fees and other related transaction costs payable by the Participating Shareholders on New Shares allotted, unless otherwise provided by any statute, law or regulation. However, the Participating Shareholders are required to pay Malaysian Revenue Stamp of RM10.00 for stamp duty, and in respect of electronic applications, a handling fee is chargeable by the Share Registrar.
11.	Cancellation of application of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
Notwithstanding any other provisions, Terms and Conditions of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan set out herein and irrespective of whether an election to exercise the Reinvestment Option has been made, if at any time after the Board has determined that the Dividend Reinvestment Plan shall apply to any Dividend and before the allotment and issuance of New Shares in respect of the Electable Portion reinvested, the Board considers that by reason of any event or circumstance (whether arising before or after such determination) it is no longer expedient or appropriate to implement the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in respect of the Electable Portion, the Board may, at its absolute discretion and as it deems fit and in the interest of the Company and without assigning any reason thereof, cancel the application of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan to the Electable Portion subject to any requirement or provision imposed by any statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia, as the case may be. In such event, the Electable Portion shall be received in cash by the Shareholders in the usual manner through a Dividend Payment Account.
12.	Modification, suspension and termination of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
Subject to any requirement or provision imposed by any statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia, as the case may be, the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (including the Terms and 
Conditions) may be modified, suspended (in whole or in part) or terminated at any time by the Board as it deems fit or expedient by giving notice to Shareholders in such manner as it deems fit notwithstanding any other provisions, Terms and Conditions of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan or otherwise and irrespective of whether an election to exercise the Reinvestment Option has been made.
In the case of a suspension, the Dividend Reinvestment Plan will be suspended in whole or in part, as the case may be, until such time as the Board resolves to recommence or terminate the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. If the Dividend Reinvestment Plan is recommenced, Participating Shareholders’ Notices of Election confirming their participation under the previously suspended Dividend Reinvestment Plan will be valid and have full force and effect in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any directions, terms and conditions to Shareholders for such recommencement of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan which may be notified to all Shareholders.
13.	General administration of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan
The Board may implement the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in the manner as it may deem fit at its absolute discretion. The Board has the power to:-
(i)	determine procedures, rules and regulations for administration of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan which are consistent with these Terms and Conditions, as may be amended or modified from time to time;
(ii)	settle in such manner as it thinks fit, any difficulty, anomaly or dispute (including relating to the interpretation of any provision, regulation or procedure or as to any rights under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan) which may arise in connection with the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, whether generally or in relation to any Participating Shareholder or any YHB Share and the determination of the Board will be conclusive and binding on all Shareholders and other persons to whom the determination relates without giving any reasons for its determination;
(iii)	delegate to any 1 or more persons, for such period and on such conditions as the Board may determine, the exercise of any of its powers or discretion under or in respect of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan and references to a decision, opinion or determination of the Board include a reference to the decision, opinion or determination of the person or persons to whom the Board has delegated its authority to, for the purposes of administering the Dividend Reinvestment Plan; and
(iv)	waive strict compliance by the Company or any Shareholder with any of these Terms and Conditions.
Any matter to be decided, determined, fixed, resolved or waived by the Board in respect of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, shall be decided, determined, fixed and resolved or waived by the Board at its absolute discretion as it deems fit without assigning any reason.
14.	Implications of the Rules and other shareholding limits
	(i)	The Rules
The attention of all Shareholders is drawn to Paragraph 4.01, Part B of the Rules and Sections 217 and 218 of the CMSA. In particular, a Shareholder should note that he/she may be under an obligation to extend a take-over offer for the remaining YHB Shares in the Company not already owned by him/her and persons acting in concert with him/her (collectively, the “Affected Party”), if:-
(a)	by participating in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, in relation to the reinvestment of the Electable Portion, the Affected Party has obtained control in the Company; or
(b)	the Affected Party holds more than 33% but not more than 50% of the voting shares or voting rights of the Company and acquires, including by participating in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in relation to any Electable Portion, more than 2% of the voting shares or voting rights of the Company in any 6-month period.
Thereafter, in the event an obligation to undertake a mandatory offer is expected to arise resulting from a Shareholder’s participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, the Affected Party may wish to consult his/her professional advisers in relation to:-
(a)	any obligation to make a take-over offer under the Rules as a result of any subscription of New Shares through his/her participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan; and
(b)	whether or not to make an application to the Securities Commission Malaysia to obtain an exemption from undertaking a mandatory offer pursuant to the Rules prior to exercising his/her Reinvestment Option.
	(ii)	Other shareholding limits
Shareholders are responsible for ensuring that their participation will not YHB in a breach of any restrictions applicable to such Shareholder’s holding of YHB Shares which may be imposed by any contractual obligations, statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia or any other relevant jurisdiction, as the case may be (unless the requisite approvals under the relevant statute, law or regulation or from the relevant authorities are first obtained or the relevant contractual obligation is otherwise waived in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts).
In view of the other shareholding limits referred to above and notwithstanding the proportion of Electable Portion which a Shareholder may reinvest, the Board shall be entitled but not obligated to reduce or limit the number of New Shares to be issued to any Shareholder should the Board be aware or be informed in writing of any expected breach of such shareholding limits as a result of the exercise of the Reinvestment Option, in which case the Board reserves the right to pay the remaining portion of the Electable Portion in cash.
The statements herein do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the relevant provisions of, or all implications that may arise under, the Rules or other relevant legislations or regulations. Shareholders who are in doubt as to whether they would incur any obligation to make a take-over offer under the Rules as a result of any subscription of New Shares through their participation in the Dividend Reinvestment Plan are advised to consult their professional advisers at the earliest opportunity.
15.	Disclaimer
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Board and the Company including any of its subsidiaries and its respective directors, officers, employees, advisers, agents, affiliates and representatives and the employees of the advisers, agents, affiliates and representatives, shall not, under any circumstance, be held liable for any damages, cost, loss and expense whatsoever and howsoever arising/incurred/suffered by any person including any Shareholder arising out of or in connection with the Dividend Reinvestment Plan including (but not limited to):-
(i)	any obligation of any Shareholder to undertake a mandatory offer as a result of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan;
(ii)	a breach of any restrictions on any Shareholder’s holding of YHB Shares which may be imposed by the Shareholders’ contractual obligations, or by statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia or any other relevant jurisdiction, or by any relevant authorities; and
(iii)	any losses suffered by any Shareholders due to changes in share prices of the YHB Shares or the quantum of future Dividends after the implementation of the Dividend Reinvestment Plan.
16.	Governing law
This Statement, the Terms and Conditions and the Dividend Reinvestment Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of Malaysia.
17.	Notices and statements
Unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions, any notices, documents and statements required to be given by the Company to a Participating Shareholder shall be given in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Constitution.

(I)	PROPOSED BONUS ISSUE; AND (II)	PROPOSED RIGHTS ISSUE
(COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE “PROPOSALS”)
 
	1.	INTRODUCTION
On 20 December 2021, AmInvestment Bank, on behalf of our Board, announced that our Company proposes to undertake the Proposals.
On 22 February 2022, AmInvestment Bank, on behalf of our Board, announced that Bursa Securities, vide its letter dated 21 February 2022, had resolved to approve the following:-
(i)	the listing of and quotation for up to 1,112,540,173 Bonus Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed Bonus Issue;
(ii)	the listing of and quotation for up to 1,267,564,085 Rights Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed Rights Issue; 
(iii)	admission to the Official List and listing of and quotation for up to 443,647,429 Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Proposed Rights Issue; and
(iv)	the listing of and quotation for up to 443,647,429 new YHB Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants,
 
 
on the Main Market of Bursa Securities, subject to the conditions as disclosed in section 9 of this Circular.
Further details of the Proposals are set out in the ensuing sections in this Circular.
THE PURPOSE OF THIS CIRCULAR IS TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE RELEVANT INFORMATION ON THE PROPOSALS, TO SET OUT THE VIEW AND RECOMMENDATION 
OF OUR BOARD AND TO SEEK YOUR APPROVAL FOR THE RESOLUTIONS PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSALS TO BE TABLED AT THE FORTHCOMING EGM. THE NOTICE OF EGM TOGETHER WITH THE FORM OF PROXY ARE ENCLOSED IN THIS CIRCULAR.
YOU ARE ADVISED TO READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE CONTENTS OF THIS CIRCULAR TOGETHER WITH ITS APPENDIX, BEFORE VOTING BY WAY OF POLL ON THE RESOLUTIONS PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSALS TO BE TABLED AT THE FORTHCOMING EGM.
2.	PROPOSED BONUS ISSUE
2.1	Details of the Proposed Bonus Issue
The Proposed Bonus Issue entails the issuance of up to 1,112,453,173 Bonus Shares on the basis of 1 Bonus Share for every 1 existing YHB Share held by our Entitled Shareholders on the Entitlement Date. The Entitlement Date for the Proposed Bonus Issue will be determined and announced at a later date upon receipt of all relevant approvals. For clarification, the aforesaid number of Bonus Shares and the number of Bonus Shares approved by Bursa Securities (as stated in Section 1 above) differs as a result of the lapse of ESS Options subsequent to the submission of the application to Bursa Securities up to the LPD.
As at the LPD, YHB has the following:-
(i)	1,101,689,773 YHB Shares in issue (including 35,738,500 YHB Shares held as treasury shares). Our Company intends to retain the treasury shares and will not divest or distribute the treasury shares prior to the Entitlement Date; and
(ii)	16,340,100 outstanding ESS Options. It is assumed that 10,763,400 ESS Options will be vested and exercised into new YHB Shares prior to the Entitlement Date.
The maximum number of Bonus Shares to be issued has been arrived at based on the assumption that the abovementioned 10,763,400 ESS Options are exercised prior to the Entitlement Date.
The actual number of the Bonus Shares to be issued will depend on the actual number of YHB Shares in issue (including treasury shares) on the Entitlement Date.
For avoidance of doubt, all treasury shares will be entitled to the Bonus Shares and such Bonus Shares will be treated as treasury shares to be held by our Company upon allotment and issuance.
YHB Share price will be adjusted pursuant to the Proposed Bonus Issue. For illustration purposes, the effects of the Proposed Bonus Issue on the YHB Share price are as follows:-
	Before the Proposed 	After the Proposed 
	Bonus Issue	Bonus Issue
 
Theoretical ex-bonus
	Market price (RM)	share price (RM)
 
	5-day VWAMP up to and including the LPD	5.21	2.60
	Before the Proposed 	After the Proposed 
	Bonus Issue	Bonus Issue
 
Lowest 3-month daily VWAMP up to and including 7 January 2022(i)	4.41	2.21
Last Traded Price	5.26	2.63
Note:-
	(i)	Being the date before the submission of the application to Bursa Securities.
The basis of 1 Bonus Share for every 1 existing YHB Share held was set after taking into consideration, the following:-
(i)	the theoretical share price of YHB Shares pursuant to the Proposed Bonus Issue. The Proposed Bonus Issue complies with Paragraph 6.30(1A) of the Listing Requirements which stipulates that our Company’s share price adjusted for the Proposed Bonus Issue is not less than RM0.50 based on the daily VWAMP during the 3-month period before the application date; and
(ii)	the financial effects of the Proposed Bonus Issue as detailed in Section 7 of this Circular.
YHB Share price will be adjusted pursuant to the Proposed Bonus Issue. For illustration purposes, the effects of the Proposed Bonus Issue on a Shareholder with 1,000 YHB Shares are set out below:-
Last Traded Price / 
	Number of YHB 	theoretical ex-Bonus 	Total
	Shares held	Share price	value(ii)
 
Last Traded Price	1,000	5.26	5,260
Upon completion of the Proposed Bonus Issue	2,000	2.63(i)	5,260
Notes:-
(i)	The theoretical ex-Bonus Share price is computed as follows:-
Last Traded Price of YHB Shares × (Number of YHB Shares before the Proposed Bonus Issue / Number of YHB Shares after the Proposed Bonus Issue).
(ii)	The total value is computed by multiplying the number of YHB Shares held with the Last Traded Price or theoretical ex-Bonus Share price per YHB Share.
The Proposed Bonus Issue will be implemented as 1 single tranche and not on a staggered basis over a period of time.
2.2	Capitalisation of reserves
The Bonus Shares in respect of the Proposed Bonus Issue will be issued as fully paid, at nil consideration and without capitalisation of our Company’s reserves.
For avoidance of doubt, the Proposed Bonus Issue will increase the number of issued Shares of YHB but will not increase the value of YHB’s issued share capital.
2.3	Ranking of the Bonus Shares
The Bonus Shares shall upon allotment and issuance, rank equally as the then existing YHB Shares, save and except that the Bonus Shares will not be entitled to any dividend, rights, allotment and/or other distribution that may be declared, made or paid in respect of which the Entitlement Date is before the date of allotment of the said Bonus Shares.
YHB Shares are prescribed securities under Section 14(5) of the Security Industry (Central Depositories) Act, 1991. The Bonus Shares will be credited directly into the respective central depository system accounts of our Entitled Shareholders and no physical share certificates will be issued.
2.4	Listing of and quotation for the Bonus Shares
Approval has been obtained from Bursa Securities vide its letter dated 21 February 2022 for the listing of and quotation for the Bonus Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed Bonus Issue on the Main Market of Bursa Securities, subject to the conditions set out in Section 9 of this Circular.
The Bonus Shares shall be listed and quoted on the Main Market of Bursa Securities on the next Market Day following the Entitlement Date. The notice of allotment will be issued and despatched to our Entitled Shareholders not later than 4 Market Days after the date of listing of and quotation for the Bonus Shares.
3.	PROPOSED RIGHTS ISSUE
3.1.	Details of the Proposed Rights Issue
The Proposed Rights Issue is intended to be implemented after the completion of the Proposed Bonus Issue, subject to all relevant approvals obtained for the Proposed Bonus Issue. In such event, the Bonus Shares will be entitled to the Proposed Rights Issue.
Our Company proposes to undertake the Proposed Rights Issue on a full subscription basis to raise the Minimum Gross Proceeds of approximately RM1.10 billion to the Maximum Gross Proceeds of up to RM1.22 billion. The Proposed Rights Issue is intended to be undertaken after the completion of the Proposed Bonus Issue but is not conditional upon the implementation of the Proposed Bonus Issue. The actual quantum of proceeds to be raised will be finalised and announced together with the rights entitlement basis on the price-fixing date. For clarification, in the unexpected event that the Proposed Bonus Issue is not implemented for whatever reason, the Company intends to still proceed with the Proposed Rights Issue.
The entitlement basis for the Proposed Rights Issue and the issue price for the Rights Shares have not been fixed and determined at this juncture to allow the flexibility in pricing the Rights Shares. The issue price and entitlement basis as described in this Circular is merely indicative at this juncture. Our Board intends to determine and announce the entitlement basis and issue price at a later date, closer to the implementation of the Proposed Rights Issue, after taking into consideration, inter alia, the then prevailing market price of our YHB Shares.
Our Board will fix the entitlement basis of the Proposed Rights Issue taking into consideration the discount to TERP ranging from 25% to 45% and the quantum of proceeds to be raised from the Proposed Rights Issue.
The Warrants are attached to the Rights Shares without any cost and will only be issued to our Entitled Shareholders and/or their renouncee(s) (if applicable) who have successfully subscribed for the Rights Shares. Each Warrant will entitle its holder to subscribe for 1 new YHB Share at an exercise price to be determined. The entitlement basis for the Warrants and the exercise price will be determined and announced by our Board on the price-fixing date. The indicative salient terms of the Warrants are set out in Section 3.6 of this Circular.
Our Company intends that the number of Warrants to be issued shall be such number of Warrants in order for the proceeds to be raised from the exercise of the Warrants shall be within the range of RM800 million to RM850 million, subject to compliance with relevant laws and guidelines.
The Rights Shares and Warrants will be provisionally allotted to our Entitled Shareholders. In determining Shareholders’ entitlement under the Proposed Rights Issue, fractional entitlements for the Rights Shares and/or Warrants, if any, will be disregarded and dealt with in such manner and on such terms and conditions as our Board in its absolute discretion deem fit or expedient or in the best interests of our Company.
The Proposed Rights Issue is renounceable in full or in part. Accordingly, our Entitled Shareholders may fully or partially renounce their entitlements under the Proposed Rights Issue. However, the Rights Shares and Warrants cannot be renounced separately and only our Entitled Shareholders who have subscribed for the Rights Shares will be entitled to the Warrants. As such, our Entitled Shareholders who renounce all of their Rights Shares entitlements shall also be deemed to have renounced all the accompanying entitlements to the Warrants. If our Entitled Shareholders accept only part of their Rights Share entitlements, they shall be entitled to the Warrants in proportion to their acceptance of their Rights Shares entitlements.
The Rights Shares which have not been taken up or not validly taken up shall be made available for Excess Applications. It is the intention of our Board to allocate the excess Rights Shares in a fair and equitable manner on a basis to be determined by our Board and announced later by our Company.
The Warrants will immediately be detached from the Rights Shares upon issuance and will be quoted separately on Bursa Securities. The Warrants will be issued in a registered form and constituted by the Deed Poll.
The full details of the Proposed Rights Issue will be set out in the abridged prospectus to be issued by our Company. The abridged prospectus together with the accompanying documents in relation to the Proposed Rights Issue will not be sent to our Shareholders whose addresses in our Company’s Record of Depositors are not in Malaysia, to avoid any violation on the part of our Company of any securities laws applicable outside of Malaysia.
3.2. Basis and justification of determining the issue price of the Rights Shares and the exercise price of the Warrants
3.2.1	Issue price of the Rights Shares 
It is the intention of our Board that the issue price shall be priced at a discount ranging from 25% to 45% to the TERP based on the 5-day VWAMP of YHB Shares up to and including the date prior to the price fixing date. The issue price will be determined and announced by our Board on the price-fixing date, taking into consideration, inter alia, the following:-
(i)	the TERP of YHB Shares based on the 5-day VWAMP of YHB Shares up to and including the date prior to the price-fixing date;
(ii)	the then prevailing market conditions which include, among others, market sentiment and volatility of the Malaysian stock market; and
(iii)	the funding requirements of our Group, as detailed in Section 4 of this Circular.
This discount range was determined by our Board after taking into consideration the discount range of other precedent rights issue exercises in particular O&G companies.
3.2.2	Exercise price of the Warrants
The exercise price of the Warrants will also be determined and announced later by our Board on the price-fixing date after taking into consideration the TERP of YHB Shares based on the 5-day VWAMP of YHB Shares up to and including the date prior to the price-fixing date.
It is the intention of our Board that the exercise price shall be priced at a premium of approximately 10% to the TERP based on the 5-day VWAMP of YHB Shares up to and including the date prior to the price fixing date taking into consideration, among others, the following:-
(i)	the historical trading price of YHB Shares; and 
(ii)	the future prospects of our Group as detailed in Section 6.7 of this Circular;
Our Company will make the price-fixing announcement on the entitlement basis, issue price of the Rights Shares and exercise price of the Warrants together with the associated basis and justification prior to the announcement of the Entitlement Date for the Proposed Rights Issue.
3.3. Ranking of the Rights Shares and new YHB Shares to be issued arising from the exercise of the Warrants
3.3.1	Rights Shares
The Rights Shares shall, upon allotment and issuance, rank pari passu in all respects with the then existing YHB Shares, save and except that the Rights Shares shall not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other distributions which may be declared, made or paid to our Shareholders, the Entitlement Date of which is prior to the date of allotment of the Rights Shares.
3.3.2	New Shares arising from the exercise of the Warrants
The new Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants shall, upon allotment, issuance and full payment of the exercise price, rank pari passu in all respects with the then existing issued YHB Shares, save and except that the holders of such new Shares shall not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other distributions which may be declared, made or paid to Shareholders, the Entitlement Date of which is prior to the date of allotment and issuance of such new Shares from the exercise of the Warrants.
3.4.	Shareholders’ undertakings and underwriting arrangement
The Proposed Rights Issue is intended to be undertaken on a full subscription basis which is to be met via the undertakings procured from the Undertaking Shareholders and the underwriting arrangements to be entered into.
Our Company has procured irrevocable undertakings each dated 15 February 2022 from the Undertaking Shareholders to subscribe for their entitlements as described below. The aggregate number of YHB Shares held by the Undertaking Shareholders as at the date of the undertaking letters is 293.4 million YHB Shares, representing approximately 27.53% of the total issued YHB Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the LPD. The Undertaking Shareholders are as follows:-
(i)	Lim Han Weng, Group Executive Chairman / Non-Independent Executive Director of YHB;
(ii)	Bah Kim Lian, the wife of Lim Han Weng and Non-Independent Executive Director of YHB;
(iii)	Lim Han Joeh, the brother of Lim Han Weng and Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of YHB;
(iv)	Lim Chern Yuan, the son of Lim Han Weng and Bah Kim Lian as well as Group Chief Executive Officer / Non-Independent Executive Director of YHB;
(v)	Lim Chern Wooi, the son of Lim Han Weng and Bah Kim Lian as well as Chief Executive Officer, Offshore Marine of YHB;
(vi)	Lim Chern Fang, the daughter of Lim Han Weng and Bah Kim Lian;
(vii)	Lim Chern Chuen, the son of Lim Han Weng and Bah Kim Lian;
(viii)	Yinson Legacy Sdn Bhd, a company controlled by Lim Han Weng and Bah Kim Lian; and
(ix)	Liannex Corporation (S) Pte Ltd, a company controlled by Lim Han Weng and Bah Kim Lian.
The Undertaking Shareholders undertake that:-
(i)	they will subscribe in full for their entitlements of Rights Shares under the Proposed Rights Issue at an issue price and on such entitlement basis for the Proposed Rights Issue to be determined later, based on the aggregate of:-
(a)	the number of YHB Shares held by them as at the date of the undertaking letters;
(b)	the number of YHB Shares acquired by them as a result of the exercise of ESS Options held by them following the date of the undertaking letters and prior to the Entitlement Date for the Proposed Rights Issue (where applicable); and
(c)	the number of Bonus Shares held by them accruing from the YHB Shares referred to in (i)(a) and/or (i)(b) above as a result of the implementation by our Company of the Proposed Bonus Issue.
(ii)	they will not sell or in any other way dispose or transfer their shareholdings or existing interest in YHB or any part thereof from the date of the undertaking letters until after the Entitlement Date of the Proposed Rights Issue.
The Undertakings are conditional on the Company obtaining the approval of our Shareholders during the forthcoming EGM and any other approvals as may be required for the implementation of the Proposed Rights Issue.


The Undertaking Shareholders have confirmed that they have sufficient financial resources to subscribe for their entitlements pursuant to the Undertakings, and they will make full payment for the Rights Shares upon subscription / application pursuant to the Undertakings.
AmInvestment Bank has verified the sufficiency of the Undertaking Shareholders’ financial resources for the purpose of subscribing for the Rights Shares pursuant to the Undertakings.
The Undertaking Shareholders have given their respective confirmations to observe and comply at all times with the provisions of the Code and the Rules of Take-Overs, Mergers and Compulsory Acquisition, and there shall be no implication in the event the Undertaking Shareholders subscribe for their respective entitlements of the Rights Shares.
The remaining portion of Rights Shares for which no Undertakings is obtained will be fully underwritten. Such underwriting arrangement will be in place prior to the implementation of the Proposed Rights Issue. Details of the underwriting agreement will be set out in the abridged prospectus to be issued for the Proposed Rights Issue. For information, the underwriting commission and all costs in relation to the underwriting agreement will be borne and paid by YHB using the proceeds from the Proposed Rights Issue as illustrated in Section 4 of this Circular.
3.5. Listing of and quotation for the Rights Shares, Warrants and the new YHB Shares to be Issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants
The Rights Shares and Warrants will be listed on the Main Market of Bursa Securities.
On 22 February 2022, AmInvestment Bank on behalf of our Company announced that Bursa Securities had vide its letter dated 21 February 2022 approved the listing of and quotation for the Rights Shares, Warrants and the new YHB Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants as set out in Section 9 of this Circular subject to the conditions as set out therein.
3.6.	Salient terms of the Warrants
	Terms	Details
 
	Issuer 	:	YHB
Issue size : Our Company intends that number of Warrants to be issued shall be such number of Warrants in order for the proceeds to be raised from the exercise of the Warrants shall be within the range of RM800 million to RM850 million, subject to compliance with relevant laws and guidelines.
Form and detachability : The Warrants, which are to be issued with the Rights Shares, will immediately be detached from the Rights Shares upon allotment and issuance and will be traded separately on Bursa Securities. The Warrants will be issued in registered form and constituted by a Deed Poll.
Board lot : For the purpose of trading on Bursa Securities, a board lot of Warrants shall comprise of 100 units of Warrants or such other denominations as determined by Bursa Securities.
Exercise Period		:	The Warrants may be exercised at any time within the period of 3 years commencing from and including the date of issuance of the Warrants and to the close of business at 5.00 p.m. (Malaysia time) on the Expiry Date. If such date is not a Market Day, then it shall be the next Market Day immediately after the said non-Market Day.
Any Warrants not exercised during the Exercise Period will thereafter lapse and cease to be valid.
Exercise price		:	The exercise price of the Warrants shall be determined and announced by our Board at a later date but prior to the announcement of the Entitlement Date. The exercise price and/or the number of Warrants in issue during the Exercise Period shall however be subject to adjustments under circumstances prescribed in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Deed Poll.
Mode of exercise		:	The registered holder of a Warrant is required to lodge a subscription form with our Company’s share registrar, duly completed, signed and stamped together with payment of the exercise price by bankers’ draft or cashier’s order drawn on a bank operating in Malaysia or a money order or postal order issued by a post office in Malaysia or any other mode by way
of internet bank transfer or via online payment that may be accepted by gateway for our Company at its absolute discretion, electronic subscription form lodged in accordance with the Deed Poll.
Subscription rights		:	Subject to adjustments in accordance with the provisions of the Deed Poll, each Warrant shall entitle the registered holder, to subscribe for 1 new YHB Share at the exercise price, subject to the terms and provisions of the Deed Poll at any time during the Exercise Period.
The registered holders of the Warrants are not entitled to any voting rights or participation in any forms of distribution and/or offer of further securities in our Company until and unless such registered holders exercise the Warrants for the new YHB Shares in accordance with the Deed Poll and such new YHB Shares have been allotted and issued to such registered holders.
Adjustments 	in 	the 	:	Subject to the provisions of the Deed Poll, the exercise price and/or number of unexercised Warrants in issue may be subject to adjustments by our Board, in consultation with an approved adviser appointed by our Company or the auditors, from time to time, of YHB or such other firm of licensed auditors in Malaysia registered with the Audit Oversight Board approved by the Directors and appointed by YHB for the purposes of the Deed Poll, in the event of any alteration to the share capital of our Company at any time during the tenure of the Warrants, whether by way of, among others, rights issue, bonus issue, capitalisation issues, consolidation or subdivision or reduction of capital, howsoever effected in accordance with the provisions of the Deed Poll.
exercise price and/or number of Warrants		
 	 

Mode of transfer	:	The Warrants shall be transferable in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Deed Poll and in the manner provided under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 and the Rules of Bursa Depository.
Listing	:	Approval has been obtained from Bursa Securities on 21
February 2022 for the admission of the Warrants to the Official List and the listing of and quotation for the Warrants and new YHB Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Warrants on the Main Market of Bursa Securities.
Ranking of new YHB Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of Warrants	:	The new Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants shall, upon allotment, issuance and full payment of the exercise price, rank pari passu in all respects with the then existing issued YHB Shares, save and except that the holders of such new Shares shall not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other distributions which may be declared, made or paid to Shareholders, the 
Entitlement Date of which is prior to the date of allotment and issuance of such new Shares arising from the exercise of the Warrants.
Rights in the event of winding-up, liquidation, 	:	Where a resolution has been passed for a members’ voluntary winding-up of our Company, or there is a compromise or arrangement, whether or not for the purpose of or in connection with a scheme for the reconstruction of our Company or the amalgamation of our Company with 1 or more companies, then:
(i)	for the purposes of such a winding-up, compromise or arrangement (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which our Company is the continuing corporation) to which the Warrants holders, or some persons designated by them for such purposes by special resolution, shall be a party, the terms of such winding-up, compromise or arrangement shall be binding on all the Warrant holders; and
(ii)	in any other cases and subject to the provisions of the Deed Poll, every Warrant holder shall be entitled to exercise his Warrants, at any time within 6 weeks after the passing of such resolution for a members’ voluntary winding-up of our Company or within 6 weeks after the granting of the court order approving the winding-up, compromise or arrangement, whereupon our Company shall allot the relevant new YHB Shares to the Warrant holder credited as fully paid subject to the prevailing laws, and such Warrant holder shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of our Company which would be available in liquidation if he had on such date been the holder of the new YHB Shares to which he would have become entitled pursuant to such exercise and the liquidator of our Company will give effect to such election accordingly. Upon the expiry of the aforesaid 6 weeks, all subscription rights of the Warrants shall lapse and cease to be valid for any purpose.
compromise arrangement	and/or 		
Governing law		:	The Warrants and the Deed Poll shall be governed by the laws and regulations of Malaysia.
3.7.	Foreign-Addressed Shareholders
This Circular does not constitute the making available of an offer for the subscription or purchase of, or an invitation for the subscription or purchase of, any securities by or on behalf of our Company.
The abridged prospectus together with the accompanying documents or any other documents to be issued in connection with the Proposed Rights Issue are not intended to comply with the laws of any countries or jurisdictions other than Malaysia, and have not and will not be lodged, registered or approved under any applicable securities legislation of any countries or jurisdictions other than Malaysia. Accordingly, the Proposed Rights Issue will not be offered for purchase or subscription in any countries or jurisdictions other than Malaysia.
The abridged prospectus together with the accompanying documents or any other documents relating to the Proposed Rights Issue will only be sent to our Entitled Shareholders who have a registered address or an address for service in Malaysia as registered in YHB’s Record of Depositors on the Entitlement Date and will not be sent to our Foreign-Addressed Shareholders as at the Entitlement Date.
Foreign-Addressed Shareholders who wish to provide Malaysian addresses should inform their respective stockbrokers to effect the change of address to send the documents to their address in Malaysia prior to the Entitlement Date.
Alternatively, such Foreign-Addressed Shareholders may collect the abridged prospectus from our share registrar who shall be entitled to request for such evidence as they deem necessary to satisfy themselves as to the identity and authority of the person collecting the abridged prospectus.
YHB will not make or be bound to make any enquiry as to whether our Entitled Shareholders have a registered address other than as stated in YHB’s Record of Depositors as at the Entitlement Date and will not accept or be deemed to accept any liability whether or not any enquiry or investigation is made in connection therewith.
Foreign-Addressed Shareholders may only exercise their rights in respect to the Proposed Rights Issue to the extent that it would be lawful to do so and YHB and/or AmInvestment Bank would not, in connection with the Proposed Rights Issue, be in breach of the laws of any country or jurisdiction which our Foreign-Addressed Shareholders and/or their renouncee(s) and/or transferee(s) might be subject to.
Foreign-Addressed Shareholders will be responsible for payment of any issue, transfer or any other taxes or other requisite payments due in such foreign country or jurisdiction and YHB shall be entitled to be fully indemnified and held harmless by such foreign applicants for any issue, transfer or any other taxes or duties as such person may be required to pay. Foreign-Addressed Shareholder will have no claims whatsoever against YHB, YHB’s share registrar and/or AmInvestment Bank in respect of their rights or entitlements under the Proposed Rights Issue. Such applicants should also consult their professional advisers as to whether they require any governmental, exchange control or other consents or need to comply with any other applicable legal requirements to enable them to exercise their rights in respect of the Proposed Rights Issue.
Foreign-Addressed Shareholders shall be solely responsible to seek advice as to the laws of any jurisdiction to which they may be subject and participation by our Foreign-Addressed Shareholders in the Proposed Rights Issue shall be on the basis of a warranty by them that they may lawfully to participate without YHB and/or AmInvestment Bank being in breach of the laws of any jurisdiction.
Neither YHB, AmInvestment Bank nor any other advisers to the Proposed Rights Issue shall accept any responsibility or liability in the event that any acceptance of a Foreign-Addressed Shareholder of his rights in respect of the Proposed Rights Issue is or shall become illegal, unenforceable, voidable or void in any country or jurisdiction.
Foreign-Addressed Shareholders who do not provide an address in Malaysia or who are not entitled to subscribe for the Rights Shares under the laws and jurisdiction to which they are subject to, will have no claims whatsoever against YHB and/or any of its advisers in respect of their rights entitlements or any net proceeds arising from the Proposed Rights Issue.
YHB reserves the right in its absolute discretion to treat any subscription of the Rights Shares as being invalid if it believes or has reason to believe that such subscription of the Rights Shares may violate applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
4.	USE OF PROCEEDS


As stated in Section 3.1 of this Circular, the actual quantum of proceeds to be raised will be finalised and announced together with the rights entitlement basis. Our Group is in the process of obtaining the financing for the IPB FPSO. The actual amount to be raised from the Proposed Rights Issue will be dependent on, inter alia, the financing amount expected to be obtained from the financial institutions for the IPB FPSO, ESS Option exercised after the price-fixing date as well as the issue price and number of Rights Shares to be issued.
Any additional proceeds in excess of the Minimum Scenario will be allocated in the following order of priority:-
(i)	estimated expenses for the Proposals;
(ii)	repayment of bank borrowings; and
(iii)	the new FPSO project.
Pending utilisation of the proceeds from the Proposed Rights Issue, the proceeds will be placed in interest-bearing deposits with financial institutions.
As and when the Warrants are exercised, YHB will receive cash proceeds. The quantum of proceeds will vary according to the number of Warrants exercised. The use of such proceeds will be dependent on our Group’s requirements at that point in time and could include, among others, the new FPSO project, expansion of renewable energy and green technology business, repayment of bank borrowings and/or working capital purposes.
5.	RATIONALE FOR THE PROPOSALS
5.1	Proposed Bonus Issue
The Proposed Bonus Issue serves to reward our existing Shareholders for their continuing support to YHB by allowing them to participate more in the equity of our Company in terms of the number of YHB Shares held, whilst maintaining their percentage equity interest in our Company.
5.2	Proposed Rights Issue 
After due consideration of the various methods of fundraising, our Board is of the opinion that the Proposed Rights Issue is the most appropriate avenue of raising funds for our Group in view that the Proposed Rights Issue will strengthen our Group’s financial position and reduced gearing level. With enhanced Shareholders’ funds, our Group will be able to part finance the new FPSO project and our expansion into renewable energy and green technology business.
The Proposed Rights Issue will also provide our Shareholders with an opportunity to participate in an equity offering in our Company on a pro-rata basis and ultimately, participate in the growth of our Group.
The Warrants which are attached to the Rights Shares are intended to provide an added incentive to our Entitled Shareholders to subscribe for the Rights Shares. The Warrants will provide our Entitled Shareholders with an opportunity to increase their equity participation in the growth of our Company at a pre-determined exercise price during the tenure of the Warrants.
The exercise of the Warrants in the future will allow our Company to obtain additional funds without having to borne additional interest expenses from borrowings. The exercise of Warrants will increase our Shareholders’ funds and lower our gearing.
For information, YHB did not undertake any equity fundraising exercise in the past 12 months prior to the date of this Circular.
6.	INDUSTRY OUTLOOK AND PROSPECTS OF YHB GROUP
6.1	Overview and outlook of the global economy
The global economy grew between 2015 and 2019, notwithstanding trade policy uncertainties and geopolitical tensions, among other issues. More specifically, in 2019, the global economy grew by 2.8% compared to 2018. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) pandemic in 2020 led to a decline in consumer spending, as well as disruptions to global supply chains and trade demands across many industries. The global economy contracted by 3.1% in 2020 from 2019 as containment measures were implemented by various countries to slow the spread of COVID-19. These included travel restrictions, shutdowns of non-essential services, and enforced business closures. The global economy is expected to recover from 2021 onwards, growing by 5.9% in 2021 and 4.9% in 2022. The growth is estimated to be driven by the gradual lifting of the COVID-19 containment measures, coupled with the increasing administration of vaccines worldwide, which may lead to the gradual normalisation of economic activities and global economic developments. Beyond 2022, global growth is projected to moderate to about 3.3% over the medium term.
Table-1: World Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) and GDP per Capita, 2015, 2020, 2025F
World	2015	2020	2025F
GDP at current prices (USD trillion)	75.0	85.0	120.9
year-on-year Real GDP growth (%)	3.4%	-3.1%	3.3%
GDP per capita at current prices (USD)	10,342.8	11,107.8	15,067.8
year-on-year Real GDP per capita growth (%)	-6.5%	-3.7%	4.5%
Source: International Monetary Fund (“IMF”), World Economic Outlook (“WEO”) October 2021; Frost & Sullivan
In 2020, the region that was least affected by the global COVID-19 outbreak was that of Emerging and Developing Asia. The growth post 2020 will be driven by large economies, such as those of China and India, and emerging economies in Southeast Asia, such as those of Indonesia, Vietnam, Myanmar, Cambodia, and Philippines.
Table-2: Regional Real GDP Growth (Year-on-Year), 2015, 2020, 2025F
Region	2015	2020	2025F
Emerging and Developing Asia	6.8%	-0.8%	5.4%
Euro Area	2.0%	-6.3%	1.4%
Latin America and the Caribbean (“LAC”)	0.4%	-7.0%	2.4%
Middle East and Central Asia	2.7%	-2.8%	3.6%
Sub-Saharan Africa	3.2%	-1.7%	4.1%
United States (“US”)	2.7%	-3.4%	1.7%
World	3.4%	-3.1%	3.3%
Source: IMF WEO October 2021; Frost & Sullivan
(Source: Overview and outlook of the global economy prepared by Frost & Sullivan)
6.2	Overview and outlook of the global O&G industry
The global population grew at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 1.1%, rising from 7.2 billion people in 2015 to 7.6 billion people in 2020. This population growth is projected to stimulate activity in the O&G industry, among other sectors, given the anticipated increase in demand for liquid fuel from the transportation sector in the long-term (notwithstanding the impact caused by COVID-19). For example, the US is the largest oil consuming country and the transportation sector accounted for 66.0% of the country’s oil consumption. The US population is forecasted to continue to grow at a CAGR of 0.3% between 2020 and 2025, while the global population is forecasted to increase at a CAGR of 1.0% during the same period. The growing population should ensure a sustainable demand for liquid fuel.
In 2020, the member countries of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) produced approximately 30.7 million barrels per day (“bbl/d”), equivalent to 32.6% of the global oil production. The US was the largest crude oil producer in the world, producing 18.6 million bbl/d in 2020. Saudi Arabia and Russia stood as the second and third largest global oil producers, at 10.8 million bbl/d and 10.5 million bbl/d, respectively.
In terms of global consumption, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) countries collectively accounted for 45.9% of global oil consumption, with 41.8 million bbl/d in 2020. OECD oil consumption increased from 46.9 million bbl/d in 2010 to 47.7 million bbl/d in 2019, but decreased considerably to 41.8 million bbl/d in 2020, mainly due to COVID19, which affected global oil demand. Similarly, non-OECD countries’ oil consumption increased from 41.5 million bbl/d in 2010 to 52.7 million bbl/d in 2019, but decreased marginally to 49.3 million bbl/d in 2020. This trend was driven by economic growth in countries like China, India, and Saudi Arabia, which were the 3 leading oil consumers among the non-OECD countries in 2020. Globally, the top 3 oil consuming countries in 2020 were the US (18.1 million bbl/d), China (14.3 million bbl/d), and India (4.7 million bbl/d).
Global natural gas production increased from 3,150.8 billion cubic meters (“bcm”) in 2010 to 
3,976.2 bcm in 2019; however, in 2020, global natural gas production dropped slightly to 3,853.7 bcm due to COVID-19. Similarly, global natural gas consumption also increased from 3,160.5 bcm in 2010 to 3,903.9 bcm in 2019, and dropped slightly in 2020 to 3,822.8 bcm due to COVID-19. The leading 5 natural gas producing countries in 2020 were the US, Russia, Iran, China, and Canada, accounting for 23.7%, 16.6%, 6.5%, 5.0%, and 4.4% of total production, respectively. Meanwhile, the top 5 natural gas consuming countries were the US, Russia, China, Iran, and Canada, with 21.8%, 10.8%, 8.6%, 6.1%, and 2.9%, respectively.
Global petroleum reserves increased from 1,357.1 billion bbl in 2010 to 1,661.9 billion bbl in 2020, at a CAGR of 2.0%, with Central and South America accounting for much of this increase. The Middle East holds the largest oil reserves in the world, with 48.3% of the global reserves in 2020. Proven natural gas reserves increased from 188.1 trillion cubic meters (“tcm”) in 2010 to 205.5 tcm in 2020, at a CAGR of 0.9%, with the Middle East and Eurasia accounting for 70.4% of global reserves in 2020. Russia, Iran, and Qatar held the largest reserves, with 23.3%, 
16.5%, and 11.6% of total global reserves in 2020, respectively.
The persistent oversupply of oil since early 2014 resulted in the decline of crude oil prices, with Brent crude oil spot prices plunging sharply from an annual average of USD99.0/bbl in 2014 to 
USD43.6/bbl in 2016. The Brent crude oil spot price decreased to a monthly average of USD30.7/bbl in January 2016, the lowest monthly average price since December 2003. Even though the annual average Brent crude oil spot price recovered to USD71.1/bbl in 2018, the price normalised to an annual average of USD64.3/bbl in 2019, largely because of weakening global oil demand and strong supply growth.
Brent crude oil spot prices dropped to an annual average of USD42.0/bbl in 2020, lower than the 2016 level, as the reduction in economic activity related to the COVID-19 pandemic caused changes in energy demand and supply patterns in 2020. Nonetheless, the annual average Brent crude oil spot price recovered and bounced back in 2021 to USD70.9/bbl. This is because the monthly average price rose over the 2020 level due to steady draws on global oil inventories. The average oil price is expected to remain above USD70.0/bbl in 2022.
On 24th February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine which will potentially impact the oil price as it will put pressure in the O&G supply and demand. With Russia being the third largest crude oil producer in the world (according to data on 2020), there will be a risk of disruption to oil supply if other countries impose sanctions on energy supply from Russia or if Russia decides to ban energy exports to other countries. As such, oil price is expected to rise should the war continues.
 
Global oil production dropped from 100.6 million bbl/d in 2019 to 94.2 million bbl/d in 2020, and a similar fall in production was identified in the upstream operations of O&G companies due to the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020. COVID-19 impacted the supply and the demand sides of the O&G industry. Contracts between O&G companies often contain clauses relating to force majeure, which release either party if the other is unable to fulfil its obligations due to the occurrence of an extraordinary event beyond their control, such as COVID-19. COVID-19 caused O&G companies to declare force majeure on their contracts due to the unprecedented nature of the outbreak and the disruption it caused to O&G demand. The COVID-19 pandemic also impacted O&G production as companies needed to operate with limited personnel due to social distancing measures. Moreover, companies experienced additional plant downtime as some operations had to cease temporarily when COVID-19 clusters occurred among employees. Furthermore, supply chain disruption also affected various O&G platform operations, such as the maintenance, inspection, repair, and replacement of equipment, as well as drilling activities, which had to be delayed or suspended.
COVID-19 also caused oil spot prices to drop to annual average of USD42.0/bbl in 2020 due to low O&G demand. To survive the downturn in oil spot prices due to COVID-19, O&G companies cancelled or postponed their capital expenditure plans (“CAPEX”) in 2020 to maintain positive cash flows. Nonetheless, O&G companies have increased their CAPEX allocation for 2021 as global economic sectors are gradually reopening, which will stimulate the demand for O&G and raise the oil spot price. As of February 2022, the oil spot prices had risen to USD97.1/bbl.
(Source: Overview and outlook of the global O&G industry prepared by Frost & Sullivan)
6.3	Overview and outlook of the global FPSO and FSO industry
The growing demand for oil as a fuel source, the decrease in onshore oil discoveries and the exhaustion of shallow offshore resources have driven oil producers to explore deepwater and ultra-deepwater resources in recent years. However, developing conventional fixed platforms, compliant towers, vertically moored tension legs, mini-tension leg platforms, spar platforms, and semi-submersible platforms in a deepwater project requires considerable investment. Additionally, laying pipelines for a deepwater project is not a cost-effective solution. FPSOs can eliminate the need for expensive underwater infrastructures. Therefore, the increasing deepwater and ultra-deepwater oil production is expected to drive the demand for FPSO installations in the near future.
The demand for FPSOs is also expected to be driven by the benefits provided by these installations, which include:-
•	An FPSO redeployment (where an existing FPSO is modified for another location/field) may be completed within one year: an FPSO conversion/construction takes between 12 to 36 months to complete, compared to the average semi-submersible oil rig, which takes 3 to 4 years to build.
•	It retains a residual value because it can be relocated to other fields at the end of the initial contract sometimes only with minor modifications.
•	It is more environmentally friendly: with an FPSO conversion, around 30,000 tons of steel are reused for another 15-25 years (the alternative is often to scrap the crude carrier). These are more environmentally friendly than conventional fixed platforms as FPSOs do not need export pipelines to be laid on the seabed to shore; hence, the environmental impact is further reduced.
•	The abandonment costs are lower than those of fixed platforms: As FPSOs need fewer permanent infrastructures to be installed, the abandonment costs are lower compared with those of other fixed platforms.
There were 161 FPSO units operating in 2015. This number increased to 186 units operating in 2019, but dipped to 168 units operating in 2020 due to COVID-19. Regionally, South America accounted for the largest market share (29.1%) in 2020, with 49 operating FPSO units, followed by the Asia Pacific region, which had 46 units.
China, with 12 units, had the highest number of FPSO units operating in the Asia Pacific region, in 2020. This was followed by Malaysia with 8 units, while Australia, Indonesia and Vietnam had 6 operating units each. In the rest of the world, African countries such as Angola and Nigeria also had a substantial number of FPSOs operating, with 16 and 15 units, respectively, in 2020. The UK and Norway were the only 2 countries in the European region that had operating FPSO units, with 15 and 8 units, respectively, in 2020. North America had 6 operating FPSOs in 2020.
The total number of FPSO installations worldwide is estimated to increase in 2021 to 172 units and reach 198 units by 2025. Frost & Sullivan forecasts 26 new operating units will be under contract, apart from regular extensions, in the period 2020 to 2025.
Relatively stable oil prices, growing fuel demand, and increasing offshore oil production are expected to drive the worldwide demand for FPSOs, with the global number of FPSO installations expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.3% from 2020 to 2025. Brazil is expected to account for 42.3% of the projected FPSO orders between 2020 and 2025 due to the large number of deepwater and ultra-deepwater projects in the country.
(Source: Overview and outlook of the FPSO and FSO industry prepared by Frost & Sullivan)
6.4	Overview and outlook of the offshore support vessels (“OSV”) industry
In 2020, O&G companies worldwide continued to make new deepwater oil discoveries, despite the scaling-back of drilling campaigns due to lower oil prices and the impact of COVID-19. These new deepwater and ultra-deepwater oil discoveries can drive the growth of the OSV industry as they are expected to boost the deployment of OSVs to transport equipment, goods, and rig crews to offshore drilling and production platforms.
The value of approved O&G offshore greenfield investments grew from USD60.5 billion in 2015 to USD92.3 billion in 2019, at a CAGR of 11.1%. The growth in O&G offshore investments led to the development of more offshore O&G resources. The barrel of oil equivalent unit (“boe”) of total offshore O&G resources approved for development increased from 8.1 billion boe in 2015 to 20.6 billion boe in 2019, at a CAGR of 26.3%. The growth of O&G offshore investments and O&G resources approved for development will ensure the increasing demand for OSVs to serve offshore platforms.
Apart from the O&G industry, OSVs are also used in the offshore wind power industry. This industry is nascent but growing, as it can generate more power than onshore wind power facilities since offshore installations benefit from a higher wind speed. Globally, more than 70 gigawatts (“GW”) of offshore wind power is expected to be added between 2021 and 2025. The growth of offshore wind power can benefit the OSV industry, as OSVs can support the offshore installation and maintenance of wind turbines.
Offshore platforms need regular maintenance to ensure the facilities’ reliability and the safety of the staff operating them. Generally, 2 types of maintenance activities are performed for offshore platforms: (i) periodic maintenance services, which are regular (weekly, biweekly, and monthly) and follow the equipment supplier’s recommendations, and (ii) turnaround maintenance services, which generally are performed every 5 years as the plant undergoes complete maintenance. Additionally, most countries have established offshore installation regulations, which make provision for the frequency of maintenance activities. These factors can ensure the continuous demand for OSVs.
The O&G industry decommissions approximately 120 platform structures annually, and it is estimated that between 2,500 and 3,000 offshore projects are likely to require decommissioning by 2040. The demand for OSVs is expected to be stable due to such offshore decommissioning legislation.
During the crude oil price downturn between 2014 and 2016, oil companies scaled back their operations, especially their offshore exploration and production (“E&P”) activities, since the break-even cost of offshore E&P is higher than that of onshore E&P. The reduction in offshore E&P activities affected the OSV industry by reducing OSV day rates, causing a high number of OSVs to be laid up. The OSV market contracted from USD28.2 billion in 2019 to USD19.5 billion in 2020 due to the global COVID-19 outbreak. The outbreak also adversely affected crude oil prices, which reached an annual average of USD42.0/bbl, the lowest in 10 years. Nonetheless, the annual average crude oil price recovered and bounced back in 2021 to USD70.9bbl and is expected to remain above USD70.0/bbl in 2022. This increase means the global OSV industry is forecasted to grow and reach USD26.8 billion in 2025, at a CAGR of 2.0%, a rise from USD19.5 billion in 2020.
(Source: Overview and outlook of the offshore service vessels industry prepared by Frost & Sullivan)
6.5	Overview and outlook of the renewables industry
Electricity generation is the largest source of global greenhouse gas emissions. The urgency to reduce emissions has shifted the preferences of consumers and governments towards the use of renewable energy (“RE”), while the long-term goals of major countries are to reach netzero carbon emissions. Governments’ pro-renewable policies and the dramatic advances in wind turbine, solar cell, fuel cell and battery storage technologies will continue to drive down costs and drive the growth rate of renewables. Governments are setting higher RE targets. For instance, the European Union’s goal is that 32.0% of its energy needs should come from RE by 2030. The rising penetration of RE with zero fuel cost has challenged the previous dominance of conventional fossil fuels, such as gas and coal, shifting the balance of power generation economics.
Globally, investment in the coal power generation market continues to decline and is forecasted to reach zero by 2030, as obtaining the necessary funding for plants will be highly challenging. China, which accounts for around 50% of global coal generation capacity, is estimated to reach its peak coal usage in 2025. Thereafter, coal plant utilisation rates in China are forecasted to decline as renewables will be increasingly able to meet supply requirements. Solar and wind power will benefit the most in terms of attracting investment but oil, gas and hydro will still continue to play a major role in the fuel mix. Power generation companies are also looking to improve their operational efficiency to increase their profitability in this competitive market.
Major companies worldwide have established voluntary RE targets and goals into their corporate sustainability plans. In addition to the sustainability benefits, corporates achieve diversification of energy supply and lower and less volatile energy prices.
Solar photovoltaic (“PV”) installations are likely to achieve widespread growth across all 3 major market segments: utility, commercial and industrial, and residential. Wind generation installations, both onshore and offshore are growing strongly and globally across all markets, with Europe (156 GW of planned capacity additions between 2021 and 2030), US and China currently leading that expansion. Onshore wind will retain a dominant share of wind generation installations, but offshore wind is expanding rapidly in markets suitable for bottom mounted turbines, though from a smaller base.
Major industrial players worldwide exhibit a strong interest in the RE market to reduce their carbon footprint and operate their businesses more sustainably and cost-effectively. They are also facing increasing pressure from investors to adopt sustainable measures. This trend is reflected in the growing number of corporate power purchase agreements (“PPA”) to buy solar and wind power – thereby enabling corporations to demonstrate their commitment to sustainability and climate change mitigation. Governments and utility providers have increased their support for distributed energy resources over conventional centralised power generation to meet electrification targets. Rooftop solar PV, small-scale wind power systems and microgrids, for instance, are ideal energy sources for distributed generation.
The global investment in new RE capacity in 2020 was estimated at USD303.5 billion. Compared to 2019, the RE investments in developed countries had increased by 13.0%, while the market share of developing and emerging countries had dropped by 7.0%. This signified the increased momentum for RE in developed countries. Meanwhile, the drop in the market share of developing countries was mainly due to declining capacity investments in China (down 12.0%), India (down 36.0%) and developing countries in the Americas (down 33.0%). In terms of total market size, the solar PV market constituted about 49.0% (USD148.6 billion), wind power constituted about 47.0% (USD142.7 billion), and the biomass and waste-to-energy market constituted about 3.3% (USD10.0 billion). The global RE market size increased by 2.0% in 2020, rising from the 2019 figure of USD298.4 billion. This was primarily attributed to the substantial increase in wind and solar PV capacity additions during the year. In 2020, about 139 GW of solar PV capacity was added worldwide, while onshore and offshore wind power capacity additions amounted to 86.9 GW and 6.1 GW, respectively. Approximately 8 GW of biomass and waste-to-energy capacity were also added.
The global RE market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 10.6% between 2021 and 2025 to reach a market size of USD500.4 billion in 2025. Europe and China are the current contenders for the leading position among the markets active in energy transition investments.
In 2020, RE, especially wind and solar power, grew at its fastest rate in 2 decades. RE use is set to expand much more rapidly than before the pandemic. The growth in Europe and the US will be even faster than previously forecasted, compensating for China’s transitional slowdown after its exceptional 2020 growth. Globally, RE capacity additions in 2020 totalled more than 260 GW, exceeding the previous record by almost 50.0%. More than 80% of all new power capacity added in 2020 was from RE, with solar and wind accounting for 91.0% of this new RE capacity. Solar and wind power dominated the RE capacity expansion in 2020, with 139 GW and 93 GW of new installations, respectively.
Notwithstanding the on-going impact of the pandemic, the solar power market has continued to grow. As COVID-19 reverts to being an epidemic, RE projects are likely to sustain their momentum of growth, particularly because solar and wind power have become cheaper than thermal power generation in many countries. Besides, the fiscal stimulus packages introduced during the pandemic will support the economic recovery of many countries as lockdown measures are eased, as well as the acceleration of the global energy transition.
The high resilience witnessed in the solar PV market was similar to that of the capacity additions in the wind power market, which maintained their growth momentum in 2020 despite COVID19. The pandemic impacted the market, especially offshore projects, for only 2 months. By the end of 2020, the global wind power industry had installed a record 110.8 GW of new capacity. The industry’s outlook over the next 5 years is generally positive, with over 469.1 GW of wind power (399.1 GW onshore and 70 GW offshore) expected to be installed between 2021 and 2025.
(Source: Overview and outlook of the renewables industry prepared by Frost & Sullivan)
 
6.6	Overview and outlook of the green technology industry
Electricity distribution and retail industries are converging. For example, the surge in uptake of electric vehicles (“EVs”), continued rollout of smart meters, energy contribution from the demand side and smarter grid are setting the groundwork for the electricity retail landscape. The electrification of transport, industries, buildings, and the growing penetration of distributed energy resources would also assist in achieving decarbonisation goals.
The global push towards electrification and fuel economy is leading to stringent emissions norms. Some countries such as the Netherlands, Ireland, Sweden, the United Kingdom (“UK”), and Austria are already committing to internal combustion engine (“ICE”) bans. Consumers’ attitudes toward EVs are also changing. In addition to safety, EVs are now considered as environment-friendly mobility solutions or carbon-neutral solutions. The share of battery EVs (“BEV”) continues to increase globally due to stricter emission standards and attractive incentives for EVs with long range or larger battery capacity.
In the marine sector, container ships, tankers, freighters, and cruise liners also contribute to global emissions. Led by Norway, Europe commenced to electrify its coastal vessels with light, short-range ferries. Other nations including Finland, the Netherlands, China, Denmark, and Sweden are also beginning to launch electric ships. Energy storage, both battery and nonbattery, will enable a more effective utilisation of RE assets as they can store electricity for use at peak times/cloudy/non-windy days. These energy storage systems technologies’ costs are likely to decline further as the market matures. Annual installations of energy storage systems declined in 2019 due to uncertainties around battery usage safety and wavering policy support in key markets. However, despite the pandemic, investments in energy storage systems installations grew, driven by key markets such as China, the US and Europe in 2020.
Lithium-ion (“Li-ion”) batteries are used in various applications, the most prominent being the stationary power, transportation and consumer electronics markets. Within the stationary power market, Li-ion batteries, flow batteries and sodium are the key battery chemistries that were largely deployed in utility-scale and residential applications in 2020. Strong global growth in terms of capacity is forecasted over the next 5 years with a large volume of on-going projects. Government incentives and supportive regulations are key to drive market growth especially for utility-scale application. Strong mandates in the US, Germany, China and Korea combined with evolving business models are driving the battery based ESS adoption in these markets. Storage in combination with RE (especially rooftop PV systems) and electric vehicles are becoming an attractive option for home storage proposition (behind-the-meter residential deployments) in many markets especially in the US, Germany and Australia.
Interest in hydrogen as a low- or zero-carbon energy carrier increased significantly in recent years. Governments have acknowledged that a hydrogen-based economy could be the best alternative to the present fossil fuels-based economy, which would address the growing concerns over carbon emissions, energy security, and climate change. Major utilities conglomerates based in the US and Europe region are already actively exploring the option of hydrogen production and infrastructure development for hydrogen storage and transport. Applicable legislative frameworks for hydrogen production, storage, and transport are still in its infancy stage, and have yet to be established in many countries. However, many countries such as the US, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK, and France have initiated pilot projects for exploring hydrogen as a potential zero-carbon energy carrier.
(Source: Overview and outlook of the green technology industry prepared by Frost & Sullivan)
6.7	Prospects of YHB Group
Our Group is primarily involved in the provision of integrated services of FPSO and FSO units as well as OSVs. Our Group has also expanded into the area of renewable energy and green technology.
Our Group has been involved in the provision of integrated services of FPSO and FSO units as well as OSVs since 2011, and is currently one of the largest independent FPSO leasing companies in the world. Our Group has been successful in expanding its global footprint and has secured significant contracts over the years. As at 31 January 2021, our Group’s orderbook for long-term charter contracts across FPSO and FSO units remain strong at USD15.3 billion (approximately RM64.24 billion), which includes the option period. As at the LPD, our Group has a fleet of 7 FPSOs (including 2 under construction) and 1 FSO unit which is operating in Vietnam. 2 of our Group’s FPSO units are operating in Nigeria, and 1 FPSO unit each operating in Ghana, Malaysia and Vietnam, respectively. The remaining 2 units under construction will both eventually operate in Brazil. Other than FPSO PTSC Lam Son, our Group’s FPSOs and FSO are chartered out on a firm contract term ranging between 7 to 25 years, with options to extend such term by up to 10 years. Such terms vary from contract to contract, depending on the needs of our Group’s customers.
The COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 has caused the unprecedented economic turbulence and disruptions and the O&G industry was not spared. The Brent crude oil prices dropped to an annual average of USD42.0/bbl in 2020, following the COVID-19 and actions taken by the OPEC. This has caused for O&G developments across the world to be postponed, resulting in an all-time low in the number of FPSO awards. YHB was also affected, where a FPSO project with Aker Energy was cancelled in the first quarter of FYE 2021. Nevertheless, the Group’s FPSO business continued to show stability in earnings due to the long-term nature of the contracts, which are signed with reputable oil companies.
Our Group is currently actively tendering for projects leveraging on its experience in Asia, Africa as well as South America. Our Group aims to build a strong orderbook to deliver consistent recurring income and is focusing on securing contracts with established players in the O&G industry. Our Group’s recent wins included contract awarded by Petrobras as disclosed in Section 4 of this Circular, with contract value of approximately USD5.2 billion. Our Group has also entered into contracts on 21 February 2022 with Enauta Energia S.A. for the provision, operation and maintenance of a FPSO asset in the Atlanta Field located in the Santos Basin, offshore Brazil.
In 2019, our Group expanded into the renewable energy business following the acquisition of 2 adjoining operational solar plants in Bhadla Solar Park, Rajasthan, India, through the acquisition of Rising Sun Energy Private Limited. In 2021, our Group secured a new contract to build, own and operate a solar plant in the Nokh Solar Park, India, marking its second presence in India. In addition, our Group has established a strong pipeline of onshore wind and PV projects worldwide. Our Group seeks to grow its renewable energy presence worldwide through undertaking greenfield projects and acquisition opportunities. Our Group believes that the outlook of the renewable energy continues to be promising as the renewable energy trends are demonstrating significant market potential, with renewable energy being at the early growth stage.
On 22 June 2021, our Group announced its collaboration with Chile-based renewable energy developer, Verano Capital Holdings SpA for renewable energy projects in Chile, Colombia and Peru. The collaboration initially targets to progress a pipeline of over 800 megawatts of utility scale solar projects, of which 330 megawatts are expected to be commenced within 12 months from the announcement date. Due to their strategic locations, our Group believes that these projects would be able to offer attractive power offtake prices to energy buyers.
Our Group has also established its green technology division in 2020 focusing on investing in new technologies and business areas that enable the global transition to a carbon free environment primarily in the markets that it currently operates in and within the marine, transport and energy business segments. Our Group has launched various decarbonisation initiatives towards achieving its climate goals, such as the development of a fully electrified harbour craft concept model, powered by advanced hydrofoil technology. Upon commercialisation, our Group believes that it is able to offer the shipping industry, specifically in harbour craft, with an option that significantly reduces energy costs and carbon footprint.
On 7 December 2021, YHB issued RM1.0 billion Sustainability-Linked Sukuk Wakalah pursuant to its Islamic Medium Term Notes Programme of up to RM1.0 billion in nominal value, based on the Shariah principle of Wakalah Bi Al-Istithmar ("Sukuk Wakalah Programme") with a tenor of 5 years and profit rate of 5.55% per annum. The Sukuk Wakalah Programme have been assigned a credit rating of A+IS and A1 by Malaysian Rating Corporation and RAM Rating Services Berhad respectively, both with a stable outlook.
The Sustainability-Linked Sukuk Wakalah issuance leverages on our Group's SustainabilityLinked Financing Framework, Climate Goals Roadmap and the International Capital Market Association's Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles. The issuance aligns our Group's efforts to achieve its climate transition strategy and reinforce its commitment towards a low emission future by achieving carbon neutrality by 2030 and net zero by 2050.
Premised on the above as well as the completion of the Proposals, our Board is cautiously optimistic of the future prospects of our Group moving forward.
(Source: Management of YHB)
7.	EFFECTS OF THE PROPOSALS
The proforma / illustrative effects of the Proposals in this section are presented purely for illustration purposes. As at the LPD, YHB has the following:-
(i)	1,101,689,773 YHB Shares in issue (including 35,738,500 YHB Shares held as treasury shares). It is assumed that there is no change in the number of treasury shares held by YHB.
(ii)	16,340,100 outstanding ESS Options. It is assumed that 10,763,400 ESS Options will be vested and exercised into new YHB Shares prior to the Entitlement Date.
Based on the aforementioned, the minimum and maximum number of Rights Shares and Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Proposals are illustrated as follows:- 
Scenario 1 : Discount to the TERP of around 25% after the Proposed Rights Issue
Minimum Scenario : Assuming that the Minimum Gross Proceeds of approximately RM1.10 billion is to be raised, no exercise of ESS Options and based on the following parameters:-
(a)	illustrative issue price of RM1.81 per Rights Share, representing a 25.2% discount to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.42 based on the TERP after Proposed Bonus Issue of RM2.60 (based on YHB’s 5-day VWAMP up to and including the LPD of RM5.21);
(b)	illustrative exercise price of RM2.66 per Warrant, representing approximately 10.0% premium to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.42; and
(c)	the entitlement basis of 2 Rights Shares for every 7 existing YHB Shares held and 1 Warrant for every 2 Rights Shares.
 	 
Maximum Scenario : Assuming that the Maximum Gross Proceeds of approximately RM1.22 billion is to be raised. 10,763,400 outstanding ESS Options are vested and exercised after the price-fixing but prior to entitlement date of the Proposed Rights Issue and based on the following parameters:-
(a)	illustrative issue price of RM1.69 per Rights Share, representing a 28.7% discount to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.37 based on the TERP after 
Proposed Bonus Issue of RM2.60 (based on YHB’s 5-day VWAMP up to and including the LPD of RM5.21);
(b)	illustrative exercise price of RM2.61 per Warrant, representing approximately 10.0% premium to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.37; and
(c)	the entitlement basis of 1 Rights Share for every 3 existing YHB Shares held and 4 Warrants for every 9 Rights Shares.
Scenario 2: Discount to the TERP of around 45% after the Proposed Rights Issue
Minimum Scenario
 	:	Assuming that the Minimum Gross Proceeds of approximately RM1.10 billion is to be raised, no exercise of ESS Options and based on the following parameters:-
(a)	illustrative issue price of RM1.21 per Rights Share, representing a 44.5% discount to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.18 based on the TERP after Proposed Bonus Issue of RM2.60 (based on YHB’s 5-day VWAMP up to and including the LPD of RM5.21);
(b)	illustrative exercise price of RM2.40 per Warrant, representing approximately 10.0% premium to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.18; and
(c)	the entitlement basis of 3 Rights Shares for every 7 existing YHB Shares held and 3 Warrants for every 8 Rights Shares.
Maximum Scenario	:	Assuming that the Maximum Gross Proceeds of approximately RM1.22 billion is to be raised. 10,763,400 outstanding ESS Options are vested and exercised after the price-fixing but prior to entitlement date of the Proposed Rights Issue and based on the following parameters:-
(a)	illustrative issue price of RM1.24 per Rights Share, representing a 42.9% discount to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.17 based on the TERP after 
Proposed Bonus Issue of RM2.60 (based on YHB’s 5-day VWAMP up to and including the LPD of RM5.21);
(b)	illustrative exercise price of RM2.39 per Warrant, representing approximately 10.0% premium to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM2.17; and
(c)	the entitlement basis of 5 Rights Shares for every 11 existing YHB Shares held and 5 Warrants for every 14 Rights Shares.
Scenario 3: Approved Securities
Bursa Securities has approved the listing application of securities as stated in Section 9 of this Circular.
The number of Rights Shares and Warrants in the listing application are derived based on YHB’s lowest traded price for the past 1 year up to the LPD of RM4.37 to raise gross proceeds of up to RM1.22 billion to ensure that the Proposed Rights Issue can be implemented successfully notwithstanding unexpected circumstances beyond YHB’s control:
(a)	the Proposed Bonus Issue is completed prior to the implementation of the Proposed Rights Issue;
(b)	it is assumed that the assumed 5-day VWAMP of YHB Shares prior to the price-fixing date for the Proposed Rights Issue shall be RM2.18, based on the lowest traded price of YHB for the past 1 year up to the LPD and after adjusting for the Proposed Bonus Issue.
The issue price is assumed to be RM0.96 per Rights Share, which represents a discount of approximately 44.2% to the TERP of YHB Shares after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM1.72, based on the assumed 5-day VWAMP of RM2.18;
(c)	12,470,500 outstanding ESS Options are vested and exercised after the price-fixing but prior to entitlement date of the Proposed Rights Issue. However, for purposes of the Circular, the number of such ESS Options as at the LPD is 10,763,400 as some have lapsed from the time of submission up until the LPD. The financial effects herein are illustrated using the ESS Options position as at the LPD;
(d)	assumed exercise price of RM1.89 per Warrant, which represents a premium of approximately 10% to the TERP after the Proposed Rights Issue of RM1.72; and
(e)	the entitlement basis of 10 Rights Shares for every 17 existing YHB Shares held and 7 Warrants for every 20 Rights Shares.


Earnings and EPS
The Proposed Bonus Issue is not expected to have any effect on the consolidated earnings or EPS of YHB for the FYE 31 January 2023, save for downward adjustment in the consolidated EPS of YHB as a result of the increase in the number of YHB Shares in issue pursuant to the Proposed Bonus Issue.
The Proposed Rights Issue will result in a downward adjustment in YHB’s consolidated EPS as a result of the increase in the number of YHB Shares in issue upon completion of the Proposed Rights Issue. The impact of the Proposed Rights Issue on the consolidated earnings and EPS of YHB will depend on, among others, the actual number of Rights Shares issued and the level of returns generated from the utilisation of the rights proceeds raised.
Moving forward, the Proposed Rights Issue is expected to contribute positively to YHB’s consolidated earnings for the ensuing financial years, when the benefits of the proposed utilisation of proceeds are realised.
The impact of the subsequent new YHB shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants, if any, on YHB’s earnings is also dependent on the number of new YHB Shares issued upon the exercise of the Warrants and the returns from the utilisation of Warrants conversion proceeds.
7.5	Convertible Securities
As at the LPD, our Company has the following convertible securities:-
(i)	16,340,100 outstanding ESS Options which have yet to be exercised; and
(ii)	On 3 August 2020, the employees’ long-term incentive plan (“LTIP”) was granted to the eligible employees and executive director of the Group. The maximum number of YHB Shares to be allotted and issued for the share award scheme (award of YHB Shares) and the maximum amount of performance bonuses to be paid under the performance bonus scheme (bonus payout in cash) under the LTIP shall not be more than, in aggregate, 4.50% and 2.66% of the issued share capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares) respectively, at any point in time during the duration of the LTIP subject to fulfiment of the Group’s specific performance target at the preceding financial year before the award of YHB Shares/bonus payout by cash. Please refer to our Company’s annual report 2021 for further details.
Consequential to the Proposals, the exercise price and/or number of outstanding ESS Options granted but not exercised; and the specific target points for daily share price and/or number of YHB Shares granted under the share award scheme of LTIP but yet to be vested are subject to adjustments, if any, in accordance with the provisions of the By-Laws.
Save for the above, our Company does not have any other convertible securities in issue as at the LPD.
[THE REST OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
8.	HISTORICAL SHARE PRICES
The monthly highest and lowest closing market price of YHB Shares traded on the Main Market of Bursa Securities for the past twelve months preceding the date of this Circular are set out as below:-


APPROVALS REQUIRED
The Proposals are conditional upon the following approvals being obtained from:-
(i)	Bursa Securities for the following:-
(a)	the listing of and quotation for up to 1,112,540,173 Bonus Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed Bonus Issue;
(b)	the listing of and quotation for up to 1,267,564,085 Rights Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed Rights Issue;
(c)	admission to the Official List and listing of and quotation for up to 443,647,429 Warrants to be issued pursuant to the Proposed Rights Issue; and
(d)	the listing of and quotation for up to 443,647,429 new YHB Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of Warrants,


on the Main Market of Bursa Securities, subject inter alia to, the following conditions:-


10.	INTER-CONDITIONALITY
The Proposed Rights Issue is intended to be undertaken after the completion of the Proposed Bonus issue but is not conditional upon the implementation of the Proposed Bonus Issue. The Proposed Rights Issue and the Proposed Bonus Issue are not inter-conditional.
The Proposals are not conditional upon any other corporate exercises undertaken or to be undertaken by YHB.
11. INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND/OR 
PERSONS CONNECTED TO THEM
None of the Directors, major Shareholders, chief executive of YHB and/or persons connected with them have any interest, direct and/or indirect, in the Proposals save for their respective entitlements as YHB Shareholders under the Proposals as well as their rights to apply for excess Rights Shares, to which all other Shareholders are similarly entitled. 
12.	DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT AND RECOMMENDATION
Having considered all aspects of the Proposals (including but not limited to the rationale and proforma / illustrative effects of the Proposals) and after careful deliberation, our Board is of the opinion that the Proposals are in the best interests of our Company.
Accordingly, our Board recommends that you vote in favour of the resolutions pertaining to the Proposals to be tabled at the forthcoming EGM.
13.	CORPORATE PROPOSALS ANNOUNCED BUT PENDING COMPLETION
Save for the Proposals, which are the subject matter of this Circular, our Board confirms that there are no other outstanding corporate proposals that have been announced through Bursa Securities but not yet completed prior to the printing of this Circular.
For information, on 1 March 2022, our Company had announced that YHB will be undertaking a strategic review exercise of the FPSO business segment to explore and assess options available to our Group. These options may include an initial public offering or strategic partnership opportunities for the FPSO business segment.
There is no assurance that the strategic review will result in any transaction or that any definitive or binding agreement will be reached. YHB will make further announcements in compliance with the Listing Requirements as appropriate
14.	ESTIMATED TIME FRAME FOR COMPLETION
Barring any unforeseen circumstances, and subject to the receipts of all required approvals from the relevant parties and authorities, the Proposals are expected to be completed by the second quarter of 2022.
15.	EGM
The EGM, the notice of which is enclosed with this Circular, will be held on a virtual basis through live streaming from the Broadcast Venue at Rising Cloud Boardroom, Level 16, Menara South Point, Mid Valley City, Medan Syed Putra Selatan, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on Tuesday, 29 March 2022, at 10.30 a.m., or at any adjournment thereof, to consider and, if thought fit, to pass the resolutions to give effect to the Proposals.
If you are unable to attend and vote in person at the EGM, please complete the Form of Proxy, which is attached in this Circular, in accordance with the instructions contained herein. The Form of Proxy should be lodged at the office of at the registered office of our Company’s share registrar, Securities Services (Holdings) Sdn Bhd, at Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela Pusat Bandar Damansara, Damansara Heights 50490 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time and date fixed for holding the EGM or at any adjournment thereof. The lodging of the Form of Proxy will not preclude a shareholder from attending and voting in person at the EGM should our shareholder subsequently wish to do so.

FURTHER INFORMATION
1.	DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
This Circular has been seen and approved by our Board who collectively and individually accept full responsibility for the completeness and accuracy of the information contained in this Circular and confirm that after making all reasonable enquiries and to the best of their knowledge and belief, there are no false or misleading statements or other facts, the omission of which would make any statement in this Circular false or misleading.
2.	CONSENT AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST
2.1	AmInvestment Bank
AmInvestment Bank, being the Principal Adviser for the Proposals, has given and has not subsequently withdrawn its written consent for the inclusion in this Circular of their names, reports and/or letters (where applicable) and all references thereto in the form and context in which they appear in this Circular.
AmInvestment Bank, its related and associated companies, as well as its holding company, AMMB Holdings Berhad and the subsidiaries and associated companies of its holding company (“AmBank Group”) form a diversified financial group and are engaged in a wide range of investment and commercial banking, brokerage, securities trading, asset and funds management and credit transaction service businesses.
In the ordinary course of their businesses, any member of AmBank Group may at any time extend services to any company as well as hold long or short positions, and trade or otherwise effect transactions, for its own account or the account of its other clients, in debt or equity securities or senior loans of any company. Accordingly, there may be situations where parts of the AmBank Group and/or its clients now have or in the future, may have interests or take actions that may conflict with the interests of YHB Group.
The AmBank Group has extended credit facilities to YHB Group, the amount outstanding as at LPD amounted to approximately RM875.4 million. The proceeds allocated for repayment of bank borrowings as stated in Section 4 of this Circular will partly be used for repayment of AmBank Group’s credit facilities
In addition, AmBank Group has also extended credit facilities to some of the Undertaking Shareholders to subscribe for the Rights Shares. AmInvestment Bank is of the view that its role as the Principal Adviser for the Proposals is not likely to result in a conflict of interest or potential conflict of interest situation for the following reasons:-
(i)	AmInvestment Bank’s role in the Proposals is undertaken in the ordinary course of business; and
(ii)	AmInvestment Bank undertakes each of its roles on an arm’s length basis and its conduct is regulated by Bank Negara Malaysia and the Securities Commission Malaysia and governed under, inter alia, the Financial Services Act 2013, the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007, and AmBank Group’s Chinese Wall policy and internal controls and checks.
Premised on the above, AmInvestment Bank confirms that there is no conflict of interest which exists or is likely to exist in its capacity as the Principal Adviser in respect of the Proposals.
FURTHER INFORMATION (CONT’D)
2.2	Frost & Sullivan
The written consent of Frost & Sullivan, for the inclusion of its name, extracts of IMR Report and all references thereto in the form and context in which it appears in this Circular has been given and has not been subsequently withdrawn before the issuance of this Circular.
Frost & Sullivan confirms that it is not aware of any conflict of interest which exists or is likely to exist in relation to its role as the Independent Market Researcher for the Proposals.
3.	MATERIAL LITIGATION, CLAIMS AND ARBITRATION 
As at the LPD, YHB Group is not engaged in any material litigation, claims or arbitration, either as plaintiff or defendant, which has a material effect on the financial position of YHB Group, and our Board is not aware of any proceedings, pending or threatened, against YHB Group or of any facts likely to give rise to any proceedings, which may materially or adversely affect the financial position or business of YHB Group.


PROPOSED YPOHL RCPS AND WARRANTS ISSUE
 
1	INTRODUCTION
On 14 January 2025, the Joint Principal Advisers had, on behalf of the Board announced that YPOHL, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of YHB, had, on 14 January 2025, entered into the Subscription Agreement (subject to the conditions stipulated in Section 7 of this Circular) for the issuance to the Investors of the following:
(i)	1,000,000 new RCPS at an aggregate subscription price of USD1.00 billion (equivalent to RM4.43
billion);
(ii)	1,000,000 new Warrants for an aggregate consideration of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.43) to each Investor in each tranche; and
(iii)	subject to mutual agreement between YPOHL and the Investors, and subject to the Fourth Tranche Closing, up to a further 500,000 RCPS at an aggregate subscription price of USD0.50 billion (equivalent to RM2.21 billion).
In addition, YPOHL, YGCS (as the controlling shareholder) and the Investors have also on 14 January 2025, entered into the Shareholders Agreement to govern the relationship of the parties on the undertaking of the business of the YPOHL Group. 
The interest held by YGCS in YPOHL will be diluted upon conversion of the RCPS and/or the exercise of the Warrants by the Investors, and therefore the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue constitutes a deemed disposal which could be up to 42.4% (based on the assumptions as stated in Section 2.3 of this 
Circular) of YHB’s indirect equity interest in YPOHL pursuant to Paragraph 10.02(l) of the Listing Requirements. 
The salient terms of the Subscription Agreement and Shareholders Agreement are set out in Appendix I and Appendix IV of this Circular, respectively. 
THE PURPOSE OF THIS CIRCULAR IS TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE RELEVANT INFORMATION ON THE PROPOSED YPOHL RCPS AND WARRANTS ISSUE AND TO SEEK YOUR APPROVAL FOR THE RESOLUTION PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSED YPOHL RCPS AND WARRANTS ISSUE TO BE TABLED AT THE FORTHCOMING EGM. THE NOTICE OF THE EGM TOGETHER WITH THE FORM OF PROXY ARE ENCLOSED IN THIS CIRCULAR.
YOU ARE ADVISED TO READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE CONTENTS OF THIS CIRCULAR BEFORE VOTING ON THE RESOLUTION PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSED YPOHL RCPS AND WARRANTS ISSUE TO BE TABLED AT THE FORTHCOMING EGM.
2	DETAILS OF THE PROPOSED YPOHL RCPS AND WARRANTS ISSUE
2.1	Background information on the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue
YPOHL is the issuer of the RCPS and Warrants. YPOHL was incorporated on 13 November 2024 as an SPV to facilitate the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue. 
Prior to the issuance of the RCPS and Warrants, YHB will undertake an internal restructuring exercise which involves the transfer of YPOPL to YPOHL for the YPOHL Shares. The internal restructuring exercise involves the transfer of YPOPL's shares, originally held by YGCS, to YPOHL at a consideration of USD2.87 billion (equivalent to RM12.71 billion). The consideration was calculated based on the agreed equity valuation of YPOPL as part of the issuance of the RCPS i.e. the Pre-Subscription Value of YPOPL of USD2.67 billion (equivalent to RM11.82 billion), plus USD200.00 million (equivalent to RM885.50 million) of subscription funds distributable to the YHB Group as detailed in Section 3 of this Circular. The entire consideration will be paid to YGCS in the form of a share swap, whereby YPOHL will issue 2,669,999 new YPOHL Shares based on a nominal value of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.43) each to YGCS, with the remaining values allocated to YPOHL’s share premium account. The internal restructuring exercise is expected to complete as soon as practicable, after the last Conditions Precedent stipulated in the Subscription Agreement are satisfied.
The principal activity of the YPOPL Group is the core business of YHB where it is principally involved in the provision of processing, storing and offloading of crude oil and gas from subsea reservoirs through the design, construction, leasing and operation of production assets for the offshore oil and gas industry. 
For Shareholders’ information, the revenue and PAT contribution of the YPOPL Group to YHB for the FYE 
31 January 2022, FYE 31 January 2023, FYE 31 January 2024 and the nine-month financial period ended (“9M-FPE”) 31 October 2024 are as follows:

As at the date of this Circular, the abovementioned internal restructuring exercise has yet to be completed and the restructuring exercise is one of the Conditions Precedent of the Subscription Agreement.
The shareholding structure of the companies involved before and after the internal restructuring exercise but prior to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue are as follows:

Investment
The investment entails the subscription by the Investors and the issuance by YPOHL of the Subscription Shares at the Issue Price amounting to an aggregate principal amount of USD1.00 billion (equivalent to RM4.43 billion) and issuance of 1,000,000 Warrants for an aggregate consideration of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.43) to each Investor in each tranche on the basis of one (1) Warrant for every one (1) RCPS issued subject to the closing condition for each tranche are met as detailed in Section 3.1, Appendix I of this Circular.
The 1,000,000 RCPS and 1,000,000 Warrants will be issued by YPOHL in 4 tranches in the following manner:

If an Investor fails to fund in full its relevant subscription consideration and has failed to remedy such failure (“Funding Shortfall”), the non-defaulting Investor shall have the right, but not the obligation, by notice from such non-defaulting Investor to YPOHL, to subscribe for the portion of the Funding Shortfall that the nondefaulting Investor sets out in the notice as a “step-in Investor”. If there is one or more step-in Investors, the balance Subscription Shares and Warrants shall be allocated pro rata (proportionately) to their respective subscribed proportions (i.e. calculated based on the quantum of their respective subscription of RCPS), unless otherwise agreed between the step-in Investors (“Relevant Proportions”).
Further to this, in the event that any Funding Shortfall is not fully subscribed by the step-in Investors, YPOHL may at any time between the date of the Second Tranche Closing, Third Tranche Closing or Fourth Tranche Closing (as the case may be) and the date which is 9 months from the date of such Closing, issue some or all of the balance Subscription Shares and Warrants to such 3rd party persons as the YPOHL Board may determine, on terms which are no more favourable than the terms agreed with the Investors. (ii)	Additional investment
Subject to the Fourth Tranche Closing having occurred, YPOHL and the Investors may (but neither YPOHL nor the Investors shall be obliged to) agree to a further issuance by YPOHL of the Additional Subscription Shares at the Issue Price per RCPS to the Investors subject to the following conditions:
(a)	The additional investment shall not exceed USD500.00 million (equivalent to RM2.21 billion);
(b)	Each Investor shall have the right (“Pro-Rata Additional Subscription Right”), but not obligation, to subscribe for its Relevant Proportions of the Additional Subscription Shares and notify YPOHL of such number of Additional Subscription Shares (“Excess Allocation”) for which it is prepared to subscribe in the event that each of the other Investor does not exercise its Pro-Rata Additional Subscription Right in full at the Issue Price per Additional Subscription Share;
(c)	Any Investor who subscribes for its full Pro-Rata Additional Subscription Right, shall have the right to subscribe for excess Additional Subscription Shares not subscribed by the other Investor(s) and the excess Additional Subscription Shares shall continue to be allocated on this basis until either of (i) all such Additional Subscription Shares are allocated; or (ii) all requests for Additional Subscription Shares have been satisfied (provided that in each case, no Investor shall be allocated more than its Excess Allocation); and
(d)	The subscription shall be undertaken on the same terms as the investment as set out in Section 2.1(i) of this Circular.
For the avoidance of doubt, there are no warrants to be issued pursuant to the Additional Subscription Shares subscribed for pursuant to the additional investment.
YPOHL shall have the right (but not obligation) to offer the Additional Subscription Shares which have been offered to the Investors but not subscribed by them to such 3rd party persons as the YPOHL Board may determine within 6 months from the Fourth Tranche Closing based on terms no more favourable than terms agreed with the Investors.
Pursuant to Paragraph 6.06 of the Listing Requirements, in the event that the balance Subscription Shares, Warrants and Additional Subscription Shares not subscribed by the Investors or 3rd party persons are issued to the Directors, Major Shareholders or chief executive of YHB (“Interested Person”), or a person connected with the Interested Person, YHB will seek prior approval from its Shareholders for the specific allotment made to such Interested Person and/or any person connected with him/her.

Summary of the conversion and redemption scenarios of the RCPS, subscription of PB and exercise of Warrants
Conversion of RCPS and subscription of PB
In the event of IPO
In connection with an IPO
•	YPOHL to provide written notice informing the RCPS holders of the proposed IPO. RCPS holders can part convert their RCPS into YPOHL Shares and sell all or part of their converted YPOHL Shares in conjunction with the proposed IPO.
After the IPO
•	RCPS holders can convert some or all of their RCPS into YPOHL Shares at any time following the IPO, provided that the aggregate amount of conversion is USD25.00 million (equivalent to RM110.69 million) or more (unless the remaining conversion amount is less than USD25.00 million (equivalent to RM110.69 million) which in this case such RCPS holder may convert all such remaining amounts).

During the PB Exercise Period(i)
•	RCPS holders may give written notice (within 15 business days from Target Exit Date) to YPOHL to convert the RCPS into PB.
•	YPOHL to issue PB to RCPS holders who provided notice on their total outstanding principal amount of the RCPS equal to the aggregate issue price of the converted RCPS, on the basis of one (1) PB issued in respect of each one (1) RCPS.
•	Any RCPS not converted to PB shall remain as RCPS.
For the avoidance of doubt after the Target Exit Date, YPOHL can still undertake the IPO and the Investors will have the conversion rights as stated in the “In the event of IPO”.
 
A period commencing on the Target Exit Date and ending on the date which is 15 business days following the Target Exit Date (“PB Exercise Period”).

The consummation of the proposed IPO is targeted to commence within 3 to 5 years from the completion of the First Tranche Closing of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue. However, the consummation of the proposed IPO is dependent on factors such as, amongst others, prevailing market conditions, valuation of the IPO Entity and the YHB Group complying with the relevant regulatory requirements.
For clarification, the issuance of the PB pursuant to the conversion of the RCPS, if any, is a part of the terms for the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue. Accordingly, on the basis that the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is tabled to the Shareholders for approval at the forthcoming EGM, no other Shareholders’ approval is required for the issuance of the PB.


Redemption of RCPS
Voluntary Redemption
YPOHL may redeem at any time, all or some of the then outstanding RCPS. The redemption shall be at an aggregate issue of at least USD20.00 million (equivalent to RM88.55 million), or, if less, all of the RCPS then outstanding.

Mandatory Redemption
Mandatory redemption by YPOHL of such number of unredeemed RCPS having an aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) of USD280.00 million (equivalent to RM1.24 billion) if YPOHL commences or proceeds with the construction / acquisition of a 3rd FPSO / FSO vessel pursuant to the 3rd FPSO agreement entered into after the signing of the Subscription Agreement without YPOHL having yet redeemed such number of RCPS as having an aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) of USD280.00 million (equivalent to RM1.24 billion).


The mandatory redemption of the RCPS at an aggregate principal amount of USD280.00 million (equivalent to RM1.24 billion) was mutually agreed upon between the Investors and the YHB Group, taking into account the future projected cash flows of the YPOHL Group and the Investors' risk appetite. The YHB Group estimates that the equity contribution required for the construction/acquisition of a FPSO/FSO vessel is approximately USD400.00 million (equivalent to RM1.77 billion), and the minimum subscription price of USD1.00 billion (equivalent to RM4.43 billion) from the Investors would enable the YPOHL Group to undertake 2 new FPSO/FSO projects. At the request of the Investors, in the event the YPOHL Group has substantial excess cash flow to embark on the construction/acquisition of a 3rd FPSO/FSO vessel, the inclusion of the mandatory redemption clause is to partially recoup their investment prior to the YPOHL Group proceeding with the 3rd FPSO/FSO vessel.

For information, YPOHL can redeem the RCPS at any time except for the following periods:
(i)	From the date of a written notice given by YPOHL to the RCPS holders until the earlier of the consummation of the IPO or the notification by YPOHL to the RCPS holders that the proposed IPO will not be consummated; or
(ii)	From the Target Exit Date until the expiry of the PB Exercise Period, being the period commencing on the Target Exit Date and ending on the date falling 15 business days following the Target Exit Date; or
(iii)	If YPOHL has consummated an IPO, for a period of 15 business days from the date YPOHL provides the RCPS holders with a non-binding notice in writing of its intention to deliver a redemption notice; or
(iv)	In the event the RCPS holders have elected to convert the RCPS to either YPOHL Shares or PB, the terms of the PB to be issued by YPOHL to such RCPS holders will entail such key agreed terms as set out in “Subscription of PB” of Appendix II of this Circular. For clarity, such terms would have to be determined or modified based on market standard terms for comparable bonds listed on the London Stock Exchange or the Singapore Exchange (as applicable) depending on the eventual listing venue of the PB. Further, the RCPS shall rank pari passu with the PB in a winding-up or liquidation scenario except in the application of Distributable Excess Cash (as defined in the next page) in the event of an IPO, YPOHL shall use its reasonable endeavours to pay all unpaid and accrued interest or coupon in respect of the PB in priority to any other amounts payable in respect of the RCPS.
Exercise of Warrants
Warrants holders may exercise their subscription rights in respect of any of the Warrants as follows:
(i)	At any time during the Exercise Period as defined below:
(a)	If an IPO is consummated prior to the Target Exit Date, the period beginning on the consummation of the IPO and ending on the Target Exit Date; or
(b)	If an IPO has not been consummated prior to the Target Exit Date, the period beginning on the consummation of the IPO and ending on the date falling 18 months after the Target Exit Date; and
(ii)	At any time prior to the consummation of an IPO, conditionally upon the consummation of:
(a)	A drag sale, being a situation where YGCS proposes to sell all of the securities held by YGCS and any of its permitted transferees (i.e. its affiliates) to a bona fide proposed purchaser other than the affiliates of YGCS, in which case YGCS is entitled to give written notice to each other shareholder and Warrants holder at any time before completing the proposed sale requiring each shareholder and/or Warrants holder to sell all (and not some) of its securities to the proposed purchaser of YGCS’ shares (“Drag Sale”);
(b)	A sale pursuant to a tag along offer, being a situation where YGCS proposes to dispose of such number of securities held by it that would result in YGCS and its permitted transferees ceasing to control YPOHL or results in YGCS transferring at least 5% of its securities, in which case YGCS may not complete such disposal unless the person to which YGCS proposes to sell its securities makes a separate offer to all RCPS holders and Warrants holder to buy all of the securities or such proportion of the securities as is equal to the aggregate proportion of the holding of securities of YGCS which is proposed to be disposed (“Tag Along Offer”); or
(c)	Following the occurrence of (i) a consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement or amalgamation of YPOPL with or into any other corporation, or sale transaction involving YPOPL in which the shareholders of YPOPL immediately prior to such consolidation, merger, reorganisation or sale transaction, cease to control YPOPL or (ii) a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of YPOHL or YPOPL, whether directly or indirectly (“Deemed Liquidity Event”).
In such situation where a Warrants holder choose not to exercise its subscription rights in respect of any of the Warrants as detailed above, the Warrants shall automatically lapse and be cancelled on the date following the last day of the Exercise Period and the Warrants holder shall not have any further rights under the Warrants. 
Application of Distributable Excess Cash
Where (i) an IPO has been consummated and (ii) an IPO has not been consummated by the Target Exit Date, YPOHL shall use its reasonable endeavours to distribute all excess cash held by YPOHL which refers to cash held by YPOHL available to be distributed to the shareholders under applicable law, after deduction of cash required by the YPOHL Group in respect of operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt service and any other necessary financial obligations of the YPOHL Group falling due within the following 6 months, as determined by the YPOHL Board (acting reasonably and in good faith) (“Distributable Excess Cash”).
Please refer to “IPO” of Appendix II of this Circular for the details on the distribution waterfall of the Distributable Excess Cash in the event an IPO has been consummated and in the event an IPO has not be consummated.
The salient terms of the RCPS and Warrants are set out in Appendix II and Appendix III of this Circular, respectively.
Any material developments related to or arising from the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue will be made known via an immediate announcement on Bursa Securities. Furthermore, YHB will seek its Shareholders’ approval for any material amendments, modifications or variations to the Proposed YPOHL And Warrants Issue pursuant to Paragraph 8.22(1)(b) of the Listing Requirements.
2.3	Dilution to YHB’s indirect equity interest in YPOHL
Assuming full subscription of the investment and the additional investment as set out in Sections 2.1(i) and 2.1(ii) of this Circular, respectively, a total of 1,500,000 RCPS together with 1,000,000 Warrants will be issued to the Investors. 
For illustrative purposes, the following is assumed in order to illustrate the potential dilution effect of YGCS’ direct shareholding in YPOHL, whereby the RCPS and Warrants are fully converted/exercised at issuance based on the scenarios where 1,000,000 RCPS are issued (“USD1.0 billion RCPS Case”) and where 1,500,000 RCPS are issued (“USD1.5 billion RCPS Case”), respectively:
USD1.0 billion RCPS Case scenario
(i)	No redemption of any RCPS and full conversion and exercise of all 1,000,000 RCPS and 1,000,000 Warrants, respectively;
(ii)	The equity value from the exercise of the Warrants is 10% of the Post-Subscription Value of YPOPL (after exercise of the Warrants) of USD4,078 million (equivalent to RM18,054 million), assuming no redemption of any RCPS. Please refer to Appendix III of this Circular for details on the adjustment to “Warrants Subscription Rights” formula in the event of a redemption of no less than USD280 million (equivalent to RM1,240 million);
(iii)	The RCPS and Warrants are assumed to be issued, converted and exercised in full on the same day, together with the IPO of YPOHL. As a result, it is assumed that there will be no future dividend payouts by YPOHL to YGCS; and
(iv)	YPOHL’s valuation at IPO is assumed to be USD3,670 million (equivalent to RM16,249 million), which represents the Post-Subscription Value of YPOPL (before exercise of Warrants).
USD1.5 billion RCPS Case scenario
(i)	No redemption of any RCPS and full conversion and exercise of all 1,500,000 RCPS and 1,000,000 Warrants, respectively;
(ii)	The equity value from the exercise of the Warrants is 10% of the Post-Subscription Value of YPOPL (after exercise of the Warrants) of USD4,633 million (equivalent to RM20,513 million) assuming no redemption of any RCPS. Please refer to Appendix III of this Circular for details on the adjustment to “Warrants Subscription Rights” formula in the event of a redemption of no less than USD280 million (equivalent to RM1,240 million);
(iii)	The RCPS and Warrants are assumed to be issued, converted and exercised in full on the same day, together with the IPO of YPOHL. As a result, it is assumed that there will be no future dividend payouts by YPOHL to YGCS; and
(iv)	YPOHL’s valuation at IPO is assumed to be USD4,170 million (equivalent to RM18,463 million), which represents the Post-Subscription Value of YPOPL (before exercise of Warrants).
The impact of the USD1.0 billion RCPS Case and USD1.5 billion RCPS Case scenarios on the shareholding structure of YPOHL are illustrated below

Based on the above, YHB’s indirect equity interest in YPOHL could be in the range of 57.6% - 65.5% pursuant to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue. The final shareholding may vary, and it could be lower, within or higher than the aforesaid range which is dependent on, amongst others, holders exercising their conversion rights, future dividend payouts by YPOHL to YGCS, any redemption of the RCPS by YPOHL and YPOHL’s valuation at IPO. The impact of these factors on the dilution of YHB’s indirect interest in YPOHL is summarised as follows:

Number of RCPS converting.
Higher number of converting RCPS will result in higher dilution whereas lower number of converting RCPS will result in lower dilution.
Future dividend payouts by YPOHL to YGCS. Higher future dividend payouts will result in higher dilution whereas lower future dividend payouts will result in lower dilution.

Redemption of RCPS by YPOHL.
Higher redemption of RCPS will result in lower dilution whereas lower redemption of RCPS will result in higher dilution.

Please refer to Appendix II of this Circular for details on “RCPS Conversion Ratio”. At this juncture, based on best estimates and assumptions made, YHB anticipates that the highest level of YHB’s diluted indirect equity interest in YPOHL could be 57.6%, as illustrated in the USD1.5 billion RCPS Case scenario.
In any event, the conversion of the RCPS shall not result in YHB ceasing to directly or indirectly control, or holding less than 51.1% (as commercially determined by the YHB Group after negotiations with the Investors and being above the statutory control limit) of the issued share capital of YPOHL (assuming all the Warrants held by the Warrants holders are exercised in full) (“Control Threshold”). If the conversion of the RCPS would result in YHB ceasing to hold the Control Threshold, the RCPS holders shall proportionally scale back the number of RCPS converting into YPOHL Shares, such that YHB shall continue to control or hold at least the Control Threshold following such conversion, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Subscription Agreement. The Subscription Agreement stipulates that where any proposed conversion by the RCPS holders would result in YHB ceasing to hold the Control Threshold, the RCPS holders are obliged not to convert their RCPS such that YHB continues to hold the Control Threshold. YPOHL may also alternatively potentially elect to redeem all or some of the then outstanding RCPS to ensure that YHB continues to hold the Control Threshold. 
The maximum conversion clause as stated above is designed to ensure that YHB will continue to retain control of its offshore production business, as it will retain at least 51.1% ownership in the YPOPL Group through its interest in YPOHL pursuant to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue. Nevertheless, for the avoidance of doubt, this does not account for any potential dilution due to issuance of new securities pursuant to the proposed IPO.
In addition to its offshore production business, YHB also engages in green technology and renewable energy businesses, which are undertaken by other Group subsidiaries (not within the YPOHL Group). The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue does not have any impact on YHB’s shareholdings/equity interests in these businesses.
RCPS Converted to PB Case scenario
In the event that the RCPS holders convert their RCPS into PB during the PB Exercise Period, there will be no dilution to YHB’s indirect shareholding in YPOHL, as the PB are not issued to the ordinary equity shareholders of YPOHL and are not convertible into YPOHL Shares.
2.4	Shareholding structure
The shareholding structure of YPOHL before and after the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue, as well as conversion/exercise of the RCPS and Warrants based on the USD1.0 billion RCPS Case and USD1.5 billion RCPS Case scenarios are as follows:

Background information on YPOHL
YPOHL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YGCS, which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YHB. YPOHL was incorporated on 13 November 2024 as a private company limited by shares under the laws of the United Kingdom.
The principal activity of YPOHL is investment holding. It is proposed that YPOPL shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of YPOHL as a term of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue. Further information on YPOHL is set out in Appendix V of this Circular.
2.6	Background information on YPOPL
YPOPL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YGCS, which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YHB. YPOPL was incorporated on 1 October 2014 under the name OY Offshore Pte Ltd (“OYOPL”) in the Republic of Singapore as a private company limited by shares under the Singapore Companies Act 1967.
On 3 October 2018, OYOPL changed its name to YPOPL and its principal activity from vessel owner and operator to investment holding. Through its subsidiaries, the YPOPL Group is principally involved in the provision of processing, storing and offloading crude oil and gas from subsea reservoirs through the design, construction, leasing and operation of production assets for the offshore oil and gas industry.
Upon the completion of the internal restructuring exercise, YPOPL will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of YPOHL. Further information on YPOPL is set out in Appendix VI of this Circular.
2.7	Background information on YPFSPL
YPFSPL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YPOPL, which in turn is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YGCS, and in turn, YGCS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of YHB. YPFSPL was incorporated on 6 October 2023 in the Republic of Singapore as a private company limited by shares under the Singapore Companies Act 1967. 
The principal activity of YPFSPL is the provision of treasury management services. Further information on YPFSPL is set out in Appendix VIII of this Circular.
2.8	Background information on the Investors
Platinum Lily B 2024 RSC Limited (Platinum)
Platinum was established on 1 February 2024 as a restricted scope company under the laws of the ADGM. 
The principal activity of Platinum is investing into private equity assets. Platinum is ultimately owned by ADIA which is a globally diversified investment institution that prudently invests funds on behalf of the Government of Abu Dhabi through a strategy focused on long-term value creation.
IMCPE Arbutus INV Limited Partnership (BCI PE) and EOS Investment Limited Partnership (BCI GPF)
BCI PE and BCI GPF were formed to hold investments on behalf of BCI. BCI is amongst the largest institutional investors in Canada with offices in Victoria, Vancouver, New York and London, United Kingdom. BCI manages a portfolio of diversified public and private market investments on behalf of its clients.
For information purposes, BCI will incorporate the New BCI LP to hold the investment in YPOHL that BCI PE would hold. BCI PE will assign all its rights and obligations under the Subscription Agreement to the New BCI LP.
Galant Asset Holding Ltd (RRJ 1) and Hampton Asset Holding Ltd (RRJ 2)
RRJ 1 was incorporated on 25 June 2024 as an exempt limited lability company under the laws of the Cayman Islands, while RRJ 2 was incorporated on 5 May 2009 as a limited liability company under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. The principal activities of RRJ 1 and RRJ 2 are investment holding. RRJ is an Asian-based private equity group with over USD25 billion (equivalent to RM111 billion) of long-term capital under management. Its founders are Richard Ong and Charles Ong. Richard Ong was the Head of Investment Banking Asia, Ex-Japan of Goldman Sachs, and Charles Ong was Senior Managing Director at Temasek Holdings Limited.
RRJ has a strategic focus in key industries, including energy, transportation, logistic, financial services, and healthcare. RRJ has a long history of working seamlessly across geographic regions, with portfolio companies diversified across Asia Pacific, Europe and the United States of America.
Further information on the Investors is set out in Appendix IX of this Circular.
2.9	Basis and justification for the Subscription Price
The Subscription Price was arrived at on a willing buyer-willing seller basis after negotiations with the Investors who were selected as the successful parties from over 30 potential investors that were engaged with. In arriving at the subscription price of USD1.00 billion (equivalent to RM4.43 billion) and the upsize of USD0.50 billion (equivalent to RM2.21 billion), the Board has taken into consideration, amongst others, the YPOPL Group’s cash flow projections, its operations, existing and potential projects and growth plan.
Prior to accepting the offer from the Investors, the Board had considered several factors including the valuation of the YPOPL Group by potential investors, their profiles and credentials, their size and the investment terms offered.
The Board is of the view that the Subscription Price is justifiable after taking into consideration, amongst others, the following:
(i) The implied EV/EBITDA (based on the Pre-Subscription Value of YPOPL) multiple of 8.90 times accorded to YPOPL is based on the trailing 12-month financial results of up to 31 October 2024, which is the latest available financial results prior to the latest practicable date of 31 December 2024 for the announcement on 14 January 2025 (“Announcement LPD”). It is within the range of the EV/EBITDA multiple of the selected comparable companies (“YPOPL Comparable Companies”) as set out below. In addition, the implied EV/EBITDA multiple is also higher than the EV/EBITDA multiple of YHB of 7.13 times based on the trailing 12-month financial results prior to the Announcement LPD.

(ii)	The Pre-Subscription Value of YPOPL of USD2.67 billion (equivalent to RM11.82 billion) is higher than the market capitalisation of YHB as at the Announcement LPD of RM7.70 billion;
(iii)	The USD2.67 billion (equivalent to RM11.82 billion) Pre-Subscription Value of YPOPL representing the equity value of YPOPL was negotiated and agreed between the YHB Group and the Investors. The USD2.67 billion (equivalent to RM11.82 billion) is at a premium of approximately 66.9% to the audited consolidated NA of YPOPL as at 31 January 2024 of USD1.60 billion (equivalent to RM7.08 billion). In arriving at the agreed value, both parties have considered, amongst others, the growth of YPOPL, timing of the potential IPO and the financial projections of the YPOPL Group taking into consideration existing and potential projects; and
(iv)	The rationale and benefits of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue as set out in Section 4 of this Circular.
2.10	Basis and justification for the Issue Price, conversion ratio of the RCPS and dividend rate
The Issue Price is determined after taking into account the Subscription Price for a total of 1,500,000 RCPS.
The Board is of the view that the Issue Price and the RCPS Conversion Ratio (as detailed in Section 2.3 of this Circular) are justifiable as they were determined based on the Subscription Price which in turn is based on the valuation of the YPOPL Group as detailed in Section 2.9 of this Circular. 
Furthermore, the Board is of the view that the preferred annual dividend rate of either 12.95% or 13.50% payable to the RCPS holders prior to the Target Exit Date is justifiable, after taking into consideration YHB’s FPSO mezzanine financings which were secured in 2023 with interest ranging from 12.50% to 13.50% per annum. On or after the Target Exit Date, the preferred annual dividend rate for the RCPS will increase to a maximum of either 14.95% or 15.50%. If the RCPS are subsequently converted into PB, the annual interest rate will be 14.50%, increasing to a maximum of 17.50%. The Board is also of the view that the step-up rate of up to 4.55% (from 12.95% to 17.50%) is justifiable, given that YHB’s existing perpetual securities also incorporate a similar step-up feature of 1.00% to 5.00% per annum if not redeemed on the call date.
Please refer to “Distributions” and “Subscription of PB” of Appendix II of this Circular for further details on the increase in the preferred annual dividend rate for the RCPS and the increase in interest rate of the PB, respectively.
2.11	Basis and justification for the exercise price of the Warrants
Notwithstanding that the Warrants will be issued at a nominal consideration of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.43) to each Investor for every tranche, the Board is of the view that the Warrants Aggregate Strike Price and the Warrants Subscription Rights (as detailed in Section 2.3 of this Circular) are justifiable as these are determined based on the Post-Subscription Value of YPOPL at the time of exercise.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Warrants are intended to be free. However, a nominal fee of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.43) is charged to each Investor for every tranche to fulfill the requirement of having "consideration" for a legally binding agreement.
For clarification, the Warrants Aggregate Strike Price refers to the reference price at which the Warrants holders decide whether or not to exercise the Warrants. The exercise price is the amount payable by the Warrants holders to acquire new YPOHL Shares for each Warrant exercised, while the Warrants exercise ratio is the number of YPOHL Shares the Warrants holders will receive for each Warrant exercised.
2.12 Ranking of the RCPS, Warrants and new YPOHL Shares to be issued arising from the conversion of the RCPS and exercise of the Warrants
The RCPS rank in priority to any other class of equity securities of YPOHL (including the YPOHL Shares) with respect to payment of dividends and liquidation preference. The RCPS have no maturity date and shall remain until redeemed, converted or swapped into other instruments.
The Warrants will not be entitled to any voting rights or participation in any form of distribution and/or offer of further securities in YPOHL until and unless the Investors exercise their Warrants and new YPOHL Shares are issued and allotted.
The new YPOHL Shares to be issued arising from the conversion of the RCPS and exercise of the Warrants shall, upon allotment and issuance, rank equally in all respects with the existing YPOHL Shares, save and except that they shall not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other forms of distributions, the entitlement date of which is prior to the issue date of the new YPOHL Shares to be issued arising from the conversion of the RCPS and exercise of the Warrants.
2.13 Listing and quotation of the RCPS, Warrants and new YPOHL Shares or ordinary shares of the IPO Entity (“IPO Entity Shares”) to be issued arising from the conversion of the RCPS and exercise of the Warrants
The RCPS and Warrants will not be listed. As at the date of this Circular, YPOHL is not listed on Bursa Securities or any other stock exchange. In the event that the proposed IPO materialises, the YPOHL Shares or the IPO Entity Shares will be listed, quoted or traded on a foreign stock exchange upon conversion/exercise of the RCPS and Warrants.
2.14	Original cost and date of investment
The original cost and date of investment of YGCS in YPOHL are as follows: 

Liabilities and guarantees to be assumed
There are no other liabilities and guarantees to be assumed by YHB pursuant to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue.
2.16	Cash company or Practice Note (“PN”) 17 company
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue will not result in YHB becoming a cash company or a PN17 company as defined under the Listing Requirements.
2.17	Affected listed issuer 
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue will not result in YHB becoming an affected listed issuer as defined under the Listing Requirements.
3	UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS
Upon receipt of funds from the Investors, the majority of the funds received will be retained by YPOHL, while USD200 million (equivalent to RM886 million) shall be distributed to the YHB Group. The Subscription Price is intended to be utilised by the Group in the following manner:


General corporate purposes of the YPOPL Group
The FPSO market is projected to have a capital expenditure of USD96 billion (equivalent to RM425 billion) over the next five years (2024 – 2028), which translates to approximately 60 FPSO opportunities globally, both awarded and yet to be awarded. These 60 FPSO projects span diverse geographies, including North America, Brazil and South America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australia (source: Energy Maritime Associates – Floating Production Systems Outlook Report, 2024 Volume 4 - October).
Approximately USD21 billion (equivalent to RM93 billion) of the projected capital expenditure is categorised as mid-sized (i.e. 50 – 200 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day). The Group’s FPSO business currently operates in all these geographical areas except for Europe and Australia. The Group intends to bid for mid-sized FPSO markets that align with its objective for sustainable long-term profitability. The projects under the Group’s pipelines are shown in the table below.

The Group proposes to utilise proceeds of USD785 million (equivalent to RM3,473 million) to partly fund the estimated capital expenditure for the new FPSO projects as stated above (including the acquisition/conversion cost of the vessels) that the Group will secure. The acquisition/conversion cost of the vessels includes vessel acquisition, financing cost, conversion and start-up costs. The total amount will depend on the specific requirements of future project and client needs, which cannot be determined at this juncture.
In the event the additional investment materialises, the Group intends to use the additional proceeds of up to USD500 million (equivalent to RM2,213 million) within 18 months from the receipt of funds for general corporate purposes of the YPOPL Group.
	(ii)	Estimated expenses relating to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue
The breakdown of the estimated expenses for the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is illustrated below:

(iii)	Expansion of renewable energy business
The Group proposes to utilise proceeds of USD60 million (equivalent to RM266 million) for the expansion of its renewable energy business i.e. its second Peruvian venture, namely the Majes solar project which is located in the Arequipa region, approximately 80 kilometres from Matarani, Peru.
The Majes solar project will have a total installed capacity of 130 megawatt, which are divided into two phases, i.e. Majes I (54 megawatt) and Majes II (76 megawatt). The estimated total capital expenditure for Majes I and Majes II is expected to reach approximately USD136 million (equivalent to RM602 million), with USD60 million (equivalent to RM266 million) allocated for Majes I.
A power purchase agreement for Majes covering 70% of the offtake for 13 years is under negotiations. The completion of Majes I will add around 140 gigawatt hours of renewable energy into the Peruvian grid, annually. The first phase of construction has commenced in December 2024 and the indicative breakdown for the use of proceeds is as follows:

The Group is in the midst of procuring bank borrowings to fund the Majes solar project. In the event that the Group is able to procure bank borrowings, the amount proposed to be utilised as indicated in the table above will reduce accordingly. The Group proposes to use any unutilised proceeds for developing other renewable energy projects in Latin America to be identified.
Any excess or shortfall to the proceeds allocated for the expansion of renewable energy business will be adjusted to/from proceeds allocated for the expansion of green technology business.
	(iv)	Expansion of green technology business
The Group proposes to utilise proceeds of USD20 million (equivalent to RM89 million) for the expansion of its electric vehicle leasing business known as DrivEV and electric cargo vessels known as MarinEV. As at the LPD, the Group has secured leasing contracts for over 380 electric vehicles.
DrivEV provides leasing and charging of electric fleets such as vans, buses, passenger cars and motorbikes, while MarinEV is the marine electrification business within Yinson GreenTech focusing on delivering sustainable solutions for marine transportation. The MarinEV business has launched the Hydromover, being Singapore’s first fully electric light cargo vessel. Commercial operations are ongoing with several interested parties in discussion to charter the vessel. Additionally, the MarinEV business has also launched the Hydroglyder, a high speed crew transfer vessel in November 2024, which is equipped with hydrofoil technology that enables efficient mobility on the water.
The proceeds will be utilised for additional purchase of electric vehicles and/or construction of Hydromover vessels, which will be dependent on the demand at the point of utilisation.
Any excess or shortfall to the proceeds allocated for the expansion of green technology business will be adjusted to/from proceeds allocated for the expansion of renewable energy business.
	(v)	Repayment of bank borrowings
The Group intends to utilise proceeds of USD20 million (equivalent to RM89 million) for the discretionary repayment of corporate bank borrowings. As at the LPD, the Group has total bank borrowings of approximately RM16,187 million. The repayment of the bank borrowings is expected to result in annual interest savings of approximately USD1.40 million (equivalent to RM6.20 million), based on the prevailing interest rate. The weighted average interest rate of the said loans based on its outstanding loan amount as at the LPD is approximately 7% per annum.
Any excess or shortfall to the proceeds allocated for repayment of bank borrowings will be adjusted to/from proceeds allocated for the expansion of renewable energy business.
	(vi)	Working capital for the Group
The Group intends to utilise proceeds of USD70 million (equivalent to RM310 million) to meet its working capital requirements such as operating expenses, administrative expenses and interest costs. The indicative breakdown for the use of proceeds is as follows:

(1)	Operating and administrative expenses include employee salaries and benefits, office rentals, utility bills and other general office expenditures.
(2)	Interest costs for bank borrowings and the Group’s RM1,000 million Islamic Medium Term Notes (Sukuk Wakalah), RM950 million Sukuk Murabahah and RM1,000 million Perpetual Sukuk Wakalah with distributions of RM55.5 million, RM64.6 million and RM75.0 million per annum, respectively. 
	(vii)	Distribution to shareholders of YHB through share buy-back and/or dividends
YHB intends to utilise up to USD30 million (equivalent to RM133 million) to partly fund its share buyback activities and/or ordinary dividends to its shareholders. At this juncture, the allocation between share buy-back activities and/or dividends has yet to be decided. Relevant announcement on the dividend declaration, if any, will be made as and when the Board decides.
Any excess or shortfall to the proceeds allocated for distribution to shareholders of YHB through share buy-back and/or dividends will be adjusted to/from proceeds allocated for the expansion of renewable energy business.
Pending utilisation of the proceeds from the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue, the proceeds will be placed in interest-bearing deposits with financial institutions.
The exact quantum of proceeds that may be raised from the exercise of the Warrants would depend on the actual number of Warrants exercised. The proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants will be received on an "as and when basis" over the tenure of the Warrants. Based on the 1.5 billion RCPS Case scenario as detailed in Section 2.3 of this Circular, the maximum equity proceeds to be raised from the exercise of Warrants is USD463 million (equivalent to RM2,051 million). The proceeds to be raised from the exercise of Warrants will be utilised as additional working capital to finance the general corporate purposes of the YPOPL Group as detailed in Note (i) within 18 months from the receipt of funds.
4	RATIONALE AND BENEFITS OF THE PROPOSED YPOHL RCPS AND WARRANTS ISSUE
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue will enable the Group to raise the requisite proceeds to be used in the manner as set out in Section 3 of this Circular, the quantum of which would be unobtainable in the event that the Group had opted for bank borrowings, secondary fund-raising exercises and/or mezzanine financing. Additionally, the Board has also considered other factors such as the Group’s financial position and overall financial strategy, where the issuance of the RCPS will improve the Group’s gearing ratio as they are classified as equity instruments.
As at the LPD, the Group has a portfolio of 10 FPSOs/FSOs in South America, Africa and Asia. The Group plans to undertake more FPSO projects and bid for mid-sized FPSO markets that align with its objective for sustainable long-term profitability. The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue allows the Group to raise USD800 million (equivalent to RM3,542 million) for its offshore production business comprising, inter alia, the acquisition and conversion costs of vessels for the new FPSO projects that the Group secures.
Additionally, USD200 million (equivalent to RM886 million) of the proceeds will be utilised to further expand the Group’s renewable energy and green technology businesses undertaken by other Group subsidiaries (not within the YPOPL Group). The funds will also be allocated for share buy-backs and/or dividends for
Shareholders, support the Group’s working capital requirements and repay corporate bank borrowings. The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue will improve the Group’s cash flow position and accord greater flexibility over its cash flows. 
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue also allows YHB to maintain its equity interest in YPOHL without being immediately diluted, which would otherwise arise from the issuance of new YPOHL Shares. The dilution impact to YHB’s shareholding in YPOHL will be on a progressive basis as and when the RCPS and/or the Warrants are converted and/or exercised into new YPOHL Shares and if the proposed IPO occurs. YPOHL can also redeem the RCPS within the stipulated timeframe. 
The exercise of the Warrants will strengthen the capital base and provide additional funds to the Group when exercised. There will not be an immediate dilution of the equity interest of the Group in YPOHL until such time as the Warrants are exercised by the Investors. The issuance of the Warrants allows the Group to stagger the capital structure to which immediate capital shall be injected through the issuance of the RCPS and thereafter, future capital inflow from the exercise of the Warrants.
5	RISKS OF THE PROPOSED YPOHL RCPS AND WARRANTS ISSUE
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is subject to, but not limited to, the following risks: 
	(i)	Completion risk
The completion of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is conditional upon the 
Conditions Precedent being fulfilled, obtained and/or waived, as the case may be (including the Company’s Shareholders’ approval being obtained at the forthcoming EGM and there being no material breach in representation, warranties and undertaking pursuant to the Subscription Agreement). If the Conditions Precedent are not fulfilled, obtained and/or waived or if there is any material breach in representation, warranties and undertakings pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Subscription Agreement may be terminated and all the potential benefits arising from the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue may not materialise.
Nevertheless, the Board endeavours to take reasonable steps, to the extent possible, to ensure that all the Conditions Precedent and terms and conditions pursuant to the Subscription Agreement will be met to facilitate the completion of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue.
	(ii)	Contractual risk
YPOHL has given representation, warranties, undertakings, covenants and indemnities via the Subscription Agreement in favour of the Investors. In this respect, YPOHL may be subject to claims in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Subscription Agreement if the pre-completion or post-completion obligations under the Subscription Agreement are not fulfilled and/or in the event of any breach of any representation, warranty, undertaking and/or covenant given by YPOHL. In this regard, YHB will endeavour to procure YPOHL to ensure compliance with its obligations under the Subscription Agreement in order to minimise the risk of any breach of the representation, warranties, undertakings, covenants and/or indemnities given.
	(iii)	Dilution risk of YHB’s equity interest in YPOHL
For the FYE 31 January 2024, YPOPL is the main profit contributor to the YHB Group, contributing to the Group’s PATAMI of approximately RM1,249 million or 130%. The existing indirect shareholding of YHB in YPOPL will be diluted in the event the RCPS and Warrants are converted and exercised into new YPOHL Shares and the PATAMI contribution of YPOHL and YPOPL to the YHB Group will be reduced accordingly.
Furthermore, the dilution will enable the Investors to exert some level of influence over the management and operations of the YPOHL Group, including but not limited to, influence over financial policies (such as dividend distribution or capital reinvestment strategies) and approval of key transactions (such as mergers, acquisitions or strategic changes).
As illustrated in Section 2.3 of this Circular, upon completion of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue, under the USD1.5 billion RCPS Case scenario, the YHB Group’s interest in YPOHL would be reduced to 57.6%. YHB can only recognise 57.6% of the YPOPL Group’s earnings. The 42.4% minority interests in the YPOPL Group would share 42.4% of the YPOPL Group’s earnings.
	(iv)	Implementation risk to the IPO
Regulatory requirements of the proposed IPO
The proposed IPO is subject to, amongst others, the approval of YHB’s Shareholders pursuant to Paragraph 8.24(1)(b) of the Listing Requirements, and the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities being obtained as well as meeting the relevant regulatory authorities’ rules, guidelines and requirements in connection with the proposed IPO. In particular, YHB will need to ensure compliance with the chain listing requirements issued by the Securities Commission Malaysia (“SC”) as stipulated in Paragraph 5.09 of the Equity Guidelines, where, amongst others, YHB must ensure that it:
(a)	has a separate autonomous and sustainable business of its own;
(b)	meets the profit test or the market capitalisation test after excluding its interest in the IPO Entity; and
(c)	has a healthy financial position after excluding its interest in the IPO Entity.
The profit test refers to uninterrupted profit of 3 to 5 full financial years based on the audited financial statements prior to submission to the SC, with an aggregate after-tax profit of at least RM20 million and an after-tax profit for the most recent financial year of at least RM6 million.
The market capitalisation test requires that the YHB Shares must have a total market capitalisation of at least RM500 million and that YHB must cease its control over the IPO Entity.
The YHB Group’s businesses are classified into the following operating segments with financial performance as set out below:

As disclosed above, the Offshore Production segment is the main profit contributor of the YHB Group. Based on the Group’s profit composition for the FYE 31 January 2024, the Group does not satisfy the abovementioned chain listing requirements of the SC for it to undertake an IPO of the Offshore Production business, i.e. the YPOPL Group.
The YHB Group is continuously reviewing its businesses, operations and strategies to improve its profitability. The Group will have to ensure it fulfils the then applicable Listing Requirements and the SC’s Equity Guidelines should it decide to list any of its subsidiaries including the YPOPL Group.
For clarification, the YHB Group retains the right to decide on when and whether to list the IPO Entity notwithstanding the terms of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue have references to IPO of the YPOPL Group.
Delay or termination in the proposed IPO
The occurrence of certain events may cause a delay or termination in the proposed IPO such as valuation for YPOHL, the inability to meet the public shareholding spread requirement at the point of listing and the revocation of approvals from the relevant authorities for the proposed IPO for any reason whatsoever.
In the event the proposed IPO does not materialise, (i) the Investors will not be able to convert the RCPS to YPOHL Shares; (ii) the Investors would have the right to convert the RCPS into PB which carry a higher interest rate than the RCPS (in the event the proposed IPO is not consummated by the Target Exit Date); and (iii) the Distributable Excess Cash in YPOHL can only be distributed to the ordinary shareholder of YPOHL after settlement of such amounts as detailed in the salient terms of the RCPS under Appendix II of this Circular.
In any event, if the proposed IPO is not consummated, the RCPS do not have a maturity date and are not callable by the Investors. YPOHL could undertake other steps to raise liquidity to voluntarily redeem the RCPS, such as refinancing of the RCPS or partial divestment of assets.
	(v)	Risk relating to the issuance of PB
The PB carry a higher interest rate and yield upon redemption which is payable to PB holders. Consequently, YPOHL, will upon issuance of the PB be required to make ongoing interest payments at a higher rate of interest and pay a higher yield upon redemption. There is no assurance that YPOHL will be in a position to continue to service the higher financing costs payable in respect of the PB throughout their tenure or to redeem the PB with a higher yield payable upon redemption, which may potentially impact the overall financial flexibility and financial position of the YPOHL Group.


Earnings and EPS
There will be no effect on earnings of the YHB Group and EPS upon issuance of the RCPS and Warrants. However, after the issuance but prior to the full conversion or redemption of the RCPS, the PATAMI attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company used for computation of the Group’s basic and diluted EPS will be reduced by the cumulative preference distribution accrued on the RCPS in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standard (“MFRS”) 133 “Earnings per Share”, which will result in the reduction of the basic and diluted EPS accordingly. MFRS 133, paragraph 12, states that the profits attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company used for calculation of basic and diluted EPS shall be adjusted for the after-tax amounts of preference dividends, differences arising on the settlement of preference shares, and other similar effects of preference shares classified as equity.
Upon conversion of the RCPS and exercise of the Warrants, the equity interest of YHB in YPOHL will be diluted and the YPOHL Group’s contribution to YHB’s consolidated PATAMI will correspondingly reduce. For illustrative purposes only, based on the latest audited consolidated financial statements of YHB for the FYE 31 January 2024 and assuming that the full conversion/exercise of the RCPS and Warrants had been effected on 1 February 2023, being the commencement of the FYE 31 January 2024, the pro forma effects on the consolidated PATAMI of YHB and EPS are as follows:



The loss of contribution from YPOHL pursuant to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue as illustrated above will only occur upon conversion of the RCPS and exercise of the Warrants if the proposed IPO materialises. However, the effects on the earnings above do not incorporate the benefits from the use of proceeds (as set out in Section 3 of this Circular), which are expected to contribute positively to the future earnings of the Group and EPS as and when the financial benefits from the use of proceeds are realised.
Under MFRS 132 “Financial instruments: Presentation”, the RCPS are treated as an equity instrument while the Warrants are treated as a derivative liability instrument. In the event the RCPS are converted to PB, the PB are also treated as an equity instrument under MFRS 132.
As YPOHL will remain as a subsidiary of YHB upon completion of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue and upon conversion/exercise of the RCPS and Warrants, changes in ownership interest in YPOHL arising from the conversion/exercise of the RCPS and Warrants are accounted for as equity transactions, where there is no gain or loss recognised in the audited consolidated statement of profit or loss of YHB in accordance with MFRS 10 “Consolidated Financial Statements”. Gains or losses on changes in ownership interest without loss of control are recognised directly in retained earnings.
7	APPROVALS REQUIRED
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is conditional upon the following being obtained:
(i)	The approval of the YHB Shareholders at the forthcoming EGM;
(ii)	The consent and approval from the security agent as well as regulatory commission and authority in connection with the restructuring exercise to be effected such that YPOPL will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of YPOHL; and
(iii)	The Conditions Precedent of the Subscription Agreement as set out in Section 3.1, Appendix I of this Circular.
For Shareholders’ information, on 14 January 2025, the Executive Directors, namely Mr. Lim Han Weng, Mr. Lim Chern Yuan and Madam Bah Kim Lian together with the persons connected to them, representing approximately a total of 24.49% equity interest in the Company had provided their irrevocable and unconditional undertaking to vote in favour of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue at the forthcoming EGM (“Undertakings”). The direct and indirect shareholdings of the Executive Directors as at the LPD are as follows:


PERCENTAGE RATIO
The interest held by YGCS in YPOHL will be diluted upon conversion of the RCPS and exercise of the Warrants by the Investors, and therefore constitutes a deemed disposal which could be up to 42.4% (based on the assumptions as stated in Section 2.3 of this Circular) of YHB’s indirect equity interest in YPOHL pursuant to Paragraph 10.02(l) of the Listing Requirements.
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is deemed to be a very substantial transaction pursuant to Paragraph 10.10 of the Listing Requirements. The highest percentage ratio applicable to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue pursuant to Paragraph 10.02(g) of the Listing Requirements is approximately 123.16% based on the Subscription Price over the audited consolidated NA of YHB as at 31 January 2024.


APPLICATIONS TO RELEVANT AUTHORITIES
Barring any unforeseen circumstances, the details on the applications to the relevant authorities in relation to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue and the status of the applications are as follows:

Details of application
(i)	Approval from the Ghana Petroleum Commission on the transfer of shares in Yinson Production West Africa Limited arising from the internal restructuring exercise to be effected such that YPOPL will become a whollyowned subsidiary of YPOHL. 
(ii)	Approval from the Ghana Petroleum Commission in connection with any direct or indirect transfer of shares in Yinson Production West Africa Limited arising out of (a) the conversion into YPOHL Shares of all of the 
Subscription Shares to be issued to the Investors; and (b) the exercise into YPOHL Shares of all of the Warrants to be issued to the Investors.
(iii)	The withdrawal and termination by Yinson Operation & Production West Africa Limited (“Yinson West Africa”) of the pending application to renew the Category A Petroleum Storage Licence, and First Exploration and 
Petroleum Development Company Limited (“First E&P”, being the charterparty pursuant to the bareboat charter agreement dated 28 February 2019 entered into with Yinson West Africa in respect of FPSO AbigailJoseph), having obtained from the Nigerian Midstream and Downstream Petroleum Regulatory Authority (“NMDPRA”) a new Category A Petroleum Storage 
License or any equivalent licence issued by the NMDPRA.

Status of application
As at the LPD, Yinson 
Production West Africa Limited has made the requisite application to the Ghana Petroleum Commission.
The submission to the Ghana Petroleum Commission will be made no later than 15 business days following the receipt of the approval under (i) above. 
First E&P is in the process of submitting the application for the licence with the NMDPRA. Upon First E&P completing its submission to NMDPRA, it is expected that Yinson West Africa will proceed with the withdrawal of the existing renewal application.

CORPORATE EXERCISES ANNOUNCED BUT PENDING COMPLETION
Save for the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue, there are no other corporate exercises which have been announced by the Company but are pending completion as at the date of this Circular.
The Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is not conditional upon any other corporate proposal/scheme of the Company except for the internal restructuring exercise as detailed in Section 2.1 of this Circular.
11	INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND PERSONS CONNECTED TO THEM
None of the Directors, Major Shareholders of the Company and persons connected to them has any interest, whether direct or indirect, in the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue.
12	DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT AND RECOMMENDATION
The Board, after having considered all aspects of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue (including but not limited to the basis and justification for the Subscription Price, rationale and benefits of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue, effects of the Proposed YPOHL 
RCPS And Warrants Issue and the risks involved) and after careful deliberation, is of the opinion that the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is in the best interest of YHB.
Accordingly, the Board recommends that you VOTE IN FAVOUR of the resolution pertaining to the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue to be tabled at the forthcoming EGM.
13	ESTIMATED TIMEFRAME FOR COMPLETION 
Barring any unforeseen circumstances, the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is expected to be completed in the 2nd quarter of 2025. The tentative timeline of events leading to the completion of the Proposed YPOHL RCPS And Warrants Issue is as follows:

If you are unable to attend and vote at the EGM, you may appoint a proxy to attend and vote on your behalf by completing, signing and returning the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions contained therein as soon as possible and in any event so as to arrive at the office of the Company’s appointed Share Registrar for the EGM, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn Bhd not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time set for holding the EGM or any adjournment thereof. The instrument appointing a proxy can also be electronically submitted to the appointed Share Registrar for the EGM via BSIP at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com before the cut-off time as mentioned above. Kindly refer to the Administrative Details for the EGM which are available on the Company’s website at www.yinson.com.
The completion and lodgement of the Form of Proxy will not preclude you from attending and voting at the forthcoming EGM should you subsequently wish to do so.

SALIENT TERMS OF THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
1.	Subscription
1.1	First Tranche Subscription
(i)	Subject to the First Tranche Conditions being satisfied or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at First Tranche Closing, the relevant number of Subscription Shares, set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“First Tranche Subscription Shares”), in consideration for the aggregate subscription price (in respect of each Investor, the “First Tranche Subscription Amount”), set out opposite its name in column (3) in the table below, based on the Issue Price (“First Tranche Subscription”). 

(ii)	The share capitalisation of YPOHL on a fully diluted basis on First Tranche Closing, immediately following the issuance of the First Tranche Subscription Shares and the First Tranche Warrants in full, shall be as set out below:

1.2	Second Tranche Subscription
(i)	Subject to the Subsequent Tranche Conditions and the Second Tranche Additional Condition being satisfied or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at Second Tranche Closing, the relevant number of Subscription Shares set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“Second Tranche Subscription Shares”), in consideration for the aggregate subscription price (in respect of each Investor, the “Second Tranche Subscription Amount”), set out opposite its name in column (3) in the table below, based on the Issue Price (“Second Tranche Subscription”), in each case as may be adjusted in accordance with the Subscription Agreement.

(ii)	The share capitalisation of YPOHL on a fully diluted basis on Second Tranche Closing, immediately following the issuance of the Second Tranche Subscription Shares and the Second Tranche Warrants in full (and assuming First Tranche Closing occurred in full), shall be as set out below:

1.3	Third Tranche Subscription
(i)	Subject to the Subsequent Tranche Conditions and the Third Tranche Additional Condition being satisfied or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at Third Tranche Closing, the relevant number of Subscription Shares, set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“Third Tranche Subscription Shares”), in consideration for the aggregate subscription price (in respect of each Investor, the “Third Tranche Subscription Amount”), set out opposite its name in column (3) in the table below, based on the Issue Price (“Third Tranche Subscription”), in each case as may be adjusted in accordance with the Subscription Agreement. 

(ii)	The share capitalisation of YPOHL on a fully diluted basis on Third Tranche Closing, immediately following the issuance of the Third Tranche Subscription Shares and the Third Tranche Warrants in full (and assuming First Tranche Closing and Second Tranche Closing occurred in full), shall be as set out below:


1.4	Fourth Tranche Subscription
(i)	Subject to the Subsequent Tranche Conditions and the Third Tranche Additional Condition being satisfied or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at Fourth Tranche Closing, the relevant number of Subscription Shares, set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“Fourth Tranche Subscription Shares”), in consideration for the aggregate subscription price (in respect of each Investor, the “Fourth Tranche Subscription Amount”), set out opposite its name in column (3) in the table below, based on the Issue Price (“Fourth Tranche Subscription”), in each case as may be adjusted in accordance with the Subscription Agreement. 

(ii)	The share capitalisation of YPOHL on a fully diluted basis on Fourth Tranche Closing, immediately following the issuance of the maximum number of RCPS and Warrants in connection with all Closings (and assuming the First Tranche Closing, Second Tranche Closing and Third Tranche Closing occurred in full), shall be as set out below:

2.	Warrants
2.1	First Tranche Warrants
Subject to the First Tranche Conditions being satisfied, or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement and the subscription by the Investors of all (and not part only of) the First Tranche Subscription Shares, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at First Tranche Closing, the number of Warrants set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“First Tranche Warrants”), for an aggregate consideration of USD 1 from each Investor.

2.2 	Second Tranche Warrants
Subject to the Subsequent Tranche Conditions and the Second Tranche Additional Condition being satisfied, or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement and the subscription by such Investor of all (and not part only of) its relevant Second Tranche Subscription Shares, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at Second Tranche Closing, the number of Warrants set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“Second Tranche Warrants”) (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Subscription Agreement) for an aggregate consideration of USD1 from each Investor, provided that if an Investor subscribes for part only (and not all) of its Second Tranche Subscription Shares at Second Tranche Closing, such Investor shall instead subscribe for one (1) Warrant for every one (1) Subscription Share subscribed for by such Investor at Second Tranche Closing.

2.3	Third Tranche Warrants
Subject to the Subsequent Tranche Conditions and the Third Tranche Additional Condition being satisfied, or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement and the subscription by such Investor of all (and not part only of) its relevant Third Tranche Subscription Shares, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at Third 
Tranche Closing, the number of Warrants set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“Third Tranche Warrants”) (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Subscription Agreement) for an aggregate consideration of USD1 from each Investor, provided that if an Investor subscribes for part only (and not all) of its Third Tranche Subscription Shares at Third Tranche Closing, such Investor shall instead subscribe for one (1) Warrant for every one (1) Subscription Share subscribed for by such Investor at Third Tranche Closing.

2.4	Fourth Tranche Warrants
Subject to the Subsequent Tranche Conditions and the Third Tranche Additional Condition being satisfied, or, where applicable, waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement and the subscription by such Investor of all (and not part only of) its relevant Fourth Tranche Subscription Shares, each Investor shall subscribe for, and YPOHL shall allot and issue to each Investor, at Fourth 
Tranche Closing, the number of Warrants set out opposite its name in column (2) in the table below (“Fourth Tranche Warrants”) (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Subscription Agreement) for an aggregate consideration of USD1 from each Investor, provided that if an Investor subscribes for part only (and not all) of its Fourth Tranche Subscription Shares at Fourth Tranche Closing, such Investor shall instead subscribe for one (1) Warrant for every one (1) Subscription Share subscribed for by such Investor at Fourth Tranche Closing.

Conditions precedent
3.1	Conditions
First Tranche Closing is conditional on the satisfaction of each of the conditions set out below (“First Tranche Conditions”) (or waiver thereof on or before the First Tranche Closing): 
(i)	Restructuring and approvals
(a)	Completion of the internal restructuring exercise which involves the transfer of YPOPL to YPOHL for the YPOHL Shares, pursuant to which YPOPL will become a whollyowned subsidiary of YPOHL, in accordance with the restructuring steps plan.
(b)	Nordic Trustee AS, as security agent of the 9.625% senior secured USD600.0 million bonds (in aggregate) issued by Yinson Production Financial Services Pte. Ltd. executing (i) a deed of release in favour of YGCS to discharge the existing share charge over the shares of YPOPL; and (ii) a new share charge over the shares of YPOPL held by YPOHL.
(c)	The prior approval from the Ghana Petroleum Commission in connection with any direct or indirect transfer of shares in Yinson Production West Africa Limited (a 49%owned indirect subsidiary of YHB held via YPOPL) arising from the restructuring, such approval to be unconditional and otherwise in a form acceptable to the Investors (acting reasonably).
(d)	Either:
(1)	written confirmation is received from the NMDPRA that the Nigerian Assignment Regulations are not applicable to a holder of either: (A) a Category A Petroleum Storage Licence issued by NMDPRA; or (B) if upon the renewal of the Category A Petroleum Storage License by Yinson Operation & Production West Africa Limited, an Industrial Storage and Utilisation License is issued to Yinson Operation & Production West Africa Limited by NMDPRA, such Industrial Storage and Utilisation License; or
(2)	the withdrawal and termination by Yinson Operation & Production West Africa Limited of its pending application to renew its Category A Petroleum Storage 
License, and the Relevant Charterparty having obtained from NMDRPA a new 
Category A Petroleum Storage License, or any equivalent licence issued by the 
NMDPRA.
(ii)	Shareholders’ approval
The approval by the shareholders of YHB at the shareholder meeting of YHB of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreement as required under Chapter 10 of the Listing Requirements.
(iii)	Other conditions
(a)	No material breach by YPOHL of any of its pre-closing obligations under the Subscription Agreement having occurred.
(b)	The fundamental warranties being true, accurate and not misleading by reference to the facts, matters and circumstances existing as at the relevant closing date (or, if any fundamental warranty is expressly specified to be given on a particular date, such fundamental warranty being true, accurate and not misleading on such date).
(c)	The business warranties being true and accurate by reference to the facts, matters and circumstances existing as at the relevant closing date (or, if any business warranty is expressly specified to be given on a particular date, such business warranty being true and accurate on such date) other than where such failure to be true or accurate would not constitute a material adverse change.
(d)	No material adverse change existing as at the relevant closing date, other than any material adverse change which occurred prior to the immediately previous Closing and which is continuing since such previous Closing based on the same material adverse change events and in respect of which the applicable Investor has waived this condition in respect of such previous Closing.
(e)	No party to the Subscription Agreement having received any written notice from any government agency which prohibits, or which could reasonably be expected to prohibit, any part of the transaction which is the subject of the Subscription Agreement nor there coming into, or remaining in, force any applicable law having the same result.
(f)	For each subsequent closing, no company default event having occurred in respect of YPOHL (and in respect of the First Tranche Closing only, no event having occurred prior to the First Tranche Closing which would have been a company default event under the Shareholders Agreement had the Shareholders Agreement been in full effect as at such time), in each case which has not been remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Investors.
(g)	No Relevant Group Company being subject to financial distress. 
The Second Tranche Closing is conditional on the satisfaction of each of the conditions set out in paragraph 3.1(iii)(b) to (g) above (“Subsequent Tranche Conditions”) and the Second Tranche Additional Condition (or waiver thereof on or before Second Tranche Closing), as follows:
Second Tranche Additional Condition
YPOHL having submitted to the Ghana Petroleum Commission a valid request in respect of the Ghana Approval.
The Third Tranche Closing and Fourth Tranche Closing are conditional on the satisfaction of each of the Subsequent Tranche Conditions and the Third Tranche Additional Condition (or waiver thereof on or before Third Tranche Closing and Fourth Tranche Closing, respectively), as follows: 
Third Tranche Additional Condition
The approval from the Ghana Petroleum Commission in connection with any direct or indirect transfer of shares in Yinson Production West Africa Limited arising out of (a) the conversion into YPOHL Shares of all of the Subscription Shares to be issued to the Investors pursuant to the Subscription Agreement; and (b) the exercise into YPOHL Shares of all of the Warrants to be issued to the Investors pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, such approval to be unconditional and otherwise in a form acceptable to the Investors (acting reasonably) (the “Ghana Approval”) and it being agreed that if the Ghana Petroleum Commission will only grant the Ghana Approval subject to YHB retaining control of YPOHL, that such condition shall be deemed to be acceptable to the Investors.
3.2	Waiver of Conditions 
(i)	The Investors may waive all or any of the conditions precedent under paragraph 3.1(i)(a) and 3.1(iii) above in whole or in part by notice to YPOHL.
(ii)	The Investors together with YPOHL may waive all or any of the conditions precedent set out under paragraph 3.1(i)(b), 3.1(i)(c), 3.1(d)(2) and 3.1(ii) in whole or in part. The condition set out in paragraph 3.1(i)(d)(1) may only be waived in whole or in part by YPOHL.
3.3	Satisfaction of Conditions
YPOHL shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the First Tranche Conditions are satisfied on or before 30 June 2025 (or such later date as may be agreed in writing between YPOHL and each of the Investors) (“Long Stop Date”).
3.4	Termination
(i)	If any of the First Tranche Conditions are not satisfied, or waived in accordance with the Subscription Agreement, on or before 6.00 p.m. on the Long Stop Date, any of the Investors may by notice to the other parties terminate the Subscription Agreement (save for the surviving clauses on definitions and interpretation, termination, confidentiality, notices, payments, general clauses, governing law and dispute resolution) after 6.00 p.m. on the Long Stop Date.
(ii)	Upon termination of the Subscription Agreement, no party shall have any claim against any other party for costs, damages, compensation or otherwise, save for any rights, claims or remedies available or already accrued to any party prior to such termination.
4.	Additional investment
Subject to Fourth Tranche Closing having occurred, YPOHL and the Investors may (but neither YPOHL nor the Investors shall be obliged to) agree to participate in the Additional Subscription Shares at the Issue Price per RCPS to the Investors, subject to the following conditions:
(i)	the total subscription amount to be paid by the Investors for all the Additional Subscription Shares shall not exceed USD500,000,000 in aggregate;
(ii)	each Investor shall have the right (but not the obligation) (“Pro-Rata Additional Subscription Right”) to:
(a)	subscribe for its relevant proportion of Additional Subscription Shares; and
(b)	notify YPOHL of such number of further Additional Subscription Shares (an “Excess Allocation”) for which it is prepared to subscribe in the event that each other Investor does not exercise its Pro-Rata Additional Subscription Right in full, in each case at the Issue Price per Additional Subscription Share;
(iii)	any Investor(s) who subscribes for its full Pro-Rata Additional Subscription Right, shall have the right to subscribe (pro rata to their respective relevant proportions) for any excess Additional Subscription Shares not subscribed for by the other Investor(s) and excess Additional Subscription Shares shall continue to be allocated on this basis until either: (i) all such Additional Subscription Shares are allocated; or (ii) all requests for Additional Subscription Shares have been satisfied (provided that, in each case, no Investor shall be allocated more than its Excess Allocation); and

(iv)	the subscription shall be undertaken otherwise on terms and conditions (including with respect to the closing of the subscription of such Additional Subscription Shares) equivalent to those applicable to either Second Tranche Closing, Third Tranche Closing or Fourth Tranche Closing (as the case may be) under the Subscription Agreement.
5.	Third-Party Subscription
YPOHL shall have the right (but not the obligation) to offer (in compliance with the terms of the 
Shareholders Agreement) any Additional Subscription Shares which have been offered to the Investors in accordance with the Subscription Agreement but have not been subscribed for by the Investors (“Remaining Additional Subscription Shares”) at any time between the date immediately following the conclusion of the process set out in paragraph 4(iii) above, up to the date which is six (6) months following the date of Fourth Tranche Closing to such person as the YPOHL Board may determine, provided that such Remaining Additional Subscription Shares are issued on terms which are no more favourable (including as to subscription price) than the terms set out in the transaction documents.
6.	Governing law
The Subscription Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law.

Ranking	:	The RCPS shall rank in priority to any other class of equity securities of YPOHL (including the YPOHL Shares) with respect to the payment of distributions and liquidation preference pursuant to the terms of the RCPS.
The RCPS shall be treated and rank equally among themselves and, accordingly, any repayments of principal shall be made in accordance with the redemption provisions below, and payments of Preferred Distributions shall be made otherwise in accordance with the terms of the RCPS.
For the avoidance of doubt, but subject to any applicable laws (including the Insolvency Act 1986), the RCPS shall rank pari passu with the PB save as provided to the contrary in accordance with the conditions of the RCPS. Notwithstanding anything in this provision, the parties agree that RCPS shall constitute “Securities” (insofar as such term relates to shares in YPOHL) as referred to in the terms of any written agreement between YPOHL and its shareholders.
Distributions	:	If declared by the YPOHL Board out of funds legally available for distribution, and to the fullest extent permissible by law, YPOHL shall pay the RCPS holders in respect of each RCPS in issue a preferential dividend for each distribution period (“Preferred Distributions”). The Preferred Distributions shall comprise of: 
(i)	cash preferential dividends (“Cash Distributions”); and
(ii)	(if applicable) payment in kind dividends (“PIK Distributions”), which for all purposes under the terms of the RCPS also includes any Deferred Distributions to be settled in cash eventually,
and (if applicable) shall be increased in respect of any amount payable in respect of an RCPS in accordance with any gross-up for withholding tax.
The Preferred Distributions shall accrue and accumulate on each of the RCPS of an amount equal to (i) the Issue Price of such RCPS, plus (ii) the aggregate of all PIK Distributions accrued and unpaid in respect of such RCPS as at the most recent anniversary of the date on which such RCPS was issued (“Issue Date”) for such RCPS, provided that the amount under this limb (ii) shall be reduced by the amount of those accrued and unpaid PIK Distributions which are paid by YPOHL in accordance with the terms of the RCPS but excluding any gross-up withholding tax amount of each RCPS on the basis that during each distribution period (with effect from and commencing on the first date of such distribution period) at such rates as elected by YPOHL pursuant to the terms of the RCPS.
The Preferred Distributions for each Distribution Period shall be calculated on the basis of one of the following options which the YPOHL Board will select at the relevant meeting, being either: 
(i)	the Preferred Distributions for such Distribution Period shall comprise Cash Distributions only, which shall be deemed to have accrued in respect of the relevant Distribution Period at the Option A Cash Distribution Rate; or
(ii)	the Preferred Distributions for such Distribution Period shall comprise Cash Distributions and PIK Distributions which: 
(a)	in respect of the Cash Distributions, shall be deemed to have accrued in respect of the relevant Distribution Period at the Option B Cash Distribution Rate; and
(b)	in respect of the PIK Distributions, shall be deemed to have accrued in respect of the relevant Distribution Period at the PIK Distribution Rate,
and YPOHL’s choice of option shall apply in respect of all the RCPS.
The Option A Cash Distribution Rate shall mean: 
(i)	prior to Target Exit Date, at a rate equal to 12.95% per annum;
(ii)	on or after the Target Exit Date up to the date immediately prior to the seventh anniversary of the First Tranche Closing date, a rate equal to 13.95% per annum; 
(iii)	on or after the date falling on the seventh anniversary of the First Tranche Closing date, at a rate equal to 14.95% per annum;
in each case subject to this provision herein and provided that for such time as YPOHL is subject to any applicable default event pursuant to the terms of any written agreement between YPOHL and its shareholders which remains unremedied, the Option A Cash Distribution Rate shall increase by 2.0% per annum with effect from the date on which such event occurred until such time as the default event is remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the RCPS holders. 
The Option B Cash Distribution Rate shall mean:
(i)	prior to Target Exit Date, at a rate equal to 7.25% per annum;
(ii)	on or after the Target Exit Date up to the date immediately prior to the seventh anniversary of the First Tranche Closing date, at a rate equal to 8.25% per annum; 
(iii)	on or after the seventh anniversary of the First Tranche Closing date, at a rate equal to 9.25% per annum;
in each case this provision herein provided and provided that for such time as YPOHL is subject to any applicable default event pursuant to the terms of any written agreement between YPOHL and its shareholders which remains unremedied, the Option B Cash Distribution Rate shall increase by 2.0% per annum with effect from the date on which such event occurred until such time as the default event is remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the RCPS holders.
YPOHL shall, by written notice (“Distribution Rate Election Notice”) to the RCPS holders, within 1 business day following each Distribution Rate Determination Date (“Declaration Date”) notify the RCPS holders of the Preferred Distributions for the applicable Distribution Period and the basis upon which they have been determined. YPOHL shall declare the Preferred Distributions (to the extent comprising Cash Distributions) on the Declaration Date to which they relate. For the avoidance of doubt, Preferred Distributions comprising PIK Distributions need not be declared, but shall accumulate in accordance with the terms of the RCPS.
If YPOHL fails to deliver a Distribution Rate Election Notice on or prior to the Declaration Date, or when the YPOHL Board does not declare any Preferred Distribution comprising Cash Distributions in respect of a Distribution Period in accordance with the terms of the RCPS (whether or not so permitted by applicable law), the Preferred Distributions for each RCPS in respect of the relevant Distribution Period shall comprise Cash Distributions and PIK Distributions, provided that: 
(i)	such Cash Distributions shall be deemed to have accrued in respect of the relevant Distribution Period at the Option B Cash Distribution Rate, but (instead of being payable in cash) shall with effect from the first date of the following Distribution Period continue to accrue and accumulate as PIK Distributions on the relevant RCPS (and shall be referred to as “Deferred Distributions”); and
(ii)	such PIK Distributions shall be deemed to have accrued in respect of the relevant Distribution Period at the PIK Distribution rate of 6.25% per annum (“PIK Distribution Rate”).
The Preferred Distributions shall be calculated on the basis of the Distribution Periods elapsed over a financial year consisting of 12 months.
Distribution Period(s) shall mean each period which commences on the date immediately after the Declaration Date for one Distribution Quarter and ends on the Declaration Date for the subsequent Distribution Quarter, provided that the initial Distribution Period shall commence on and include the Issue Date of the RCPS to be issued and end on the Declaration Date for the Distribution Quarter in which such Issue Date occurs.
Distribution 
Rate 
Determination 
Date	:	The Distribution Rate Determination Date means the date the YPOHL Board elects the applicable distribution rate option applying to a Distribution Period which shall be no later than: 
		(i)	14 June of each year, in respect of the Distribution Quarter commencing on 1 February and ending on (and including) 30 April of the same calendar year, being the first financial reporting quarter of YPOHL;
		(ii)	14 September of each year, for the Distribution Quarter commencing on 1 May and ending on (and including) 31 July of the same calendar year, being the second financial reporting quarter of YPOHL;
		(iii)	15 December each year, for the Distribution Quarter commencing on 1 August and ending on (and including) 31 October of the same calendar year, being the third financial reporting quarter of YPOHL; and
		(iv)	17 March of each year, for the Distribution Quarter commencing on 1 
November of the previous calendar year, and ending on (and including) 31 January of the same calendar year, being the fourth financial reporting quarter of YPOHL,
provided that if YPOHL fails to deliver the Distribution Rate Election Notice by the relevant date or does not declare any Preferred Distribution, the Distribution Rate Determination Date shall be taken to be the dates set out in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above.
Distribution Quarter	:	The Distribution Quarter shall mean, in respect of each financial year: 
(i)	the period commencing 1 February and ending on (and including) 30 April;
(ii)	the period commencing 1 May and ending on (and including) 31 July;
(iii)	the period commencing 1 August and ending on (and including) 31 October; and
(iv)	the period commencing 1 November and ending on (and including) 31 January.
Liquidation Preference	:	Upon the occurrence of a Deemed Liquidity Event or the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of YPOHL, all assets and funds of the YPOHL Group available for distribution among shareholders of YPOHL shall be applied as set out below:
(i)	to each of the RCPS holders, in priority to the ordinary shareholders of YPOHL and the holders of any other equity securities of YPOHL, an amount per RCPS held equal to (i) a price per RCPS that would result in each RCPS holder realising (on a per RCPS basis) an IRR in Dollar terms of 15.75% per annum calculated from the Issue Date of such RCPS up to (and including): (A) where no more than one (1) floating production storage and offloading vessel or floating storage and offloading vessel (“F(P)SO”) agreement has been executed, the later of: (x) the date of payment and (y) the date which is three (3) years following the Issue Date of such RCPS; or (B) where two (2) or more F(P)SO agreements have been executed, the later of: (x) the date of payment and (y) in respect of any RCPS which, if it were to be redeemed at the relevant time would be redeemed (“Shortened Make Whole RCPS”) held by such RCPS holder, the date which is twenty (20) months following the First Tranche Closing date; or (z) in respect of any RCPS held by such RCPS holder which are not Shortened Make Whole RCPS, the date which is three (3) years following the Issue Date of such RCPS, or (ii) such amount as would have been payable for such RCPS immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of YPOHL or the occurrence of such Deemed Liquidity Event if the relevant RCPS holder had converted such 
RCPS to an YPOHL Shares immediately prior to the occurrence of such Deemed Liquidity Event or liquidation, dissolution or winding up of YPOHL, plus an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid PIK Distributions on the RCPS, whichever ((i) or (ii)) is higher, each as increased in respect of any amount payable in respect of an RCPS (if applicable) in accordance with the terms of the RCPS (the “Liquidation Preference Amount”) (provided that if there are insufficient surplus assets to pay the amount per RCPS equal to the applicable Liquidation Preference Amount, the remaining surplus assets shall be distributed to the Investors pro rata to their respective holdings of RCPS); and
(ii)	the balance of the surplus assets (if any) shall be distributed among the ordinary shareholders of YPOHL pro rata to the number of YPOHL Shares.
A “Deemed Liquidity Event” shall mean any of the following:
(i)	a consolidation, merger, scheme of arrangement or amalgamation of YPOPL with or into any other corporation or corporations or non-corporate business entity or any other corporate reorganisation, or a sale transaction involving YPOPL, in one transaction or a series or related transactions, in which the shareholders of YPOPL (as applicable) immediately prior to such consolidation, merger or reorganisation or sale transaction, cease to control YPOPL (as applicable); or
(ii)	a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of YPOHL or YPOPL, whether directly or indirectly or in one transaction or a series of related transactions.
Redemption	:	Voluntary redemption by YPOHL
YPOHL may, at any time, at its sole option, redeem some or all of the then outstanding RCPS for a price equal to the applicable Redemption Amount, as increased in respect of any amount payable in respect of an RCPS (if applicable), by serving a notice of redemption of RCPS (“Redemption Notice”) on each RCPS holder stating YPOHL’s election to redeem some or all of the RCPS on a date (“Voluntary Redemption Date”) which is no earlier than 20 business days, and no later than 40 business days following the date of such Redemption Notice.
Any redemption pursuant to this provision shall be in respect of RCPS having an aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) of at least USD20,000,000, or, if less, all of the RCPS outstanding. 
Mandatory Redemption
Neither YPOHL or any group companies of YPOHL shall commence or proceed with the construction (or acquisition, as applicable) of any F(P)SO, pursuant to the third F(P)SO agreement following 14 January 2025 without YPOHL having yet redeemed, following the First Tranche Closing, such number of RCPS as have an aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) of USD280,000,000. YPOHL shall notify the RCPS holders in writing at least 15 business days prior to commencing or proceeding with the construction (or acquisition, as applicable) of any F(P)SO pursuant to the third F(P)SO Agreement.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, at least five (5) business days prior to commencing or proceeding with the construction (or acquisition, as applicable) of any F(P)SO pursuant to the third F(P)SO agreement following 14 January 2025 (the “Mandatory Redemption Date”), YPOHL shall be required to redeem, at the Redemption Amount, as increased in respect of any amount payable in respect of an RCPS (if applicable) in accordance with the terms of the RCPS, such number of RCPS having an aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) equal to the amount by which (a) USD280,000,000 exceeds (b) the aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) of the total RCPS that have been voluntarily redeemed by YPOHL prior to the Mandatory Redemption Date, by serving a Redemption Notice on each RCPS holder stating YPOHL’s redemption of the abovementioned RCPS.
No redemption of RCPS held by an RCPS holder may be undertaken by YPOHL:
(i)	from the date where a written notice is given by YPOHL to the RCPS holders to notify the RCPS holders of any proposed IPO by a Relevant Group Company that is incorporated after the First Tranche Closing date that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by YPOHL which holds or will hold all or substantially all of the assets of the YPOHL Group (including the subsidiaries and/or associated companies of the company or YPOPL) (“New Holding Company” and the notice, a “Proposed IPO Notice”), until the earlier of the consummation of the IPO by the Relevant Group Company or New Holding Company, or the notification by YPOHL to the RCPS holders that such proposed IPO will not be consummated;
(ii)	PB Exercise Period;
(iii)	if YPOHL has consummated an IPO, for a period of 15 business days from the date YPOHL provides the RCPS holder with a non-binding notice in writing of its intention to deliver a Redemption Notice; 
(iv)	with respect to any RCPS which such RCPS holder has elected to convert: 
	(a)	into YPOHL Shares in accordance with the conversion provisions; or
	(b)	into PB in accordance with the terms of the PB,
in each case (x) without the prior written consent of such RCPS holder and (y) provided that, in the event that YPOHL proposes to exercise its redemption rights under “voluntary redemption by YPOHL” during the pre-IPO conversion period or the PB Exercise Period, YPOHL shall notify the RCPS holders in writing and such redemption shall proceed only in respect of the RCPS held by such RCPS holders who notify YPOHL in writing of their agreement within ten (10) business days of such notice (and otherwise in accordance with the conditions of the RCPS).
Redemption 	:	Means the price per RCPS that would result in each RCPS holder realising (on a 
Amount per RCPS basis) an annualised discount rate (“IRR”) in Dollar terms of 15.75% per annum calculated from the Issue Date of the relevant RCPS up to and including the later of:
(i)	the Redemption Date of such RCPS; and 
(ii)	in respect of: 
(a)	the redemption by YPOHL of the first USD280,000,000 in aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) of RCPS which are redeemed following the First Tranche Closing, the date which is 20 months following the First Tranche Closing date; or
(b)	the redemption by YPOHL of any RCPS after redemption in full of USD280,000,000 in aggregate principal amount (by Issue Price) as set forth in paragraph (a) above, the date which is three years following the Issue Date of such RCPS.
Redemption 	:	Means the Voluntary Redemption Date or the Mandatory Redemption Date. Date
IPO	:	If an IPO has not been consummated by a Relevant Group Company or any other 
entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of the YPOHL Group at that time, including any New Holding Company by the Target Exit Date
If an IPO has not been consummated by a Relevant Group Company or New Holding Company by the Target Exit Date and any RCPS holder exercises its rights to convert its RCPS into PB, the YPOHL Board shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that the cash held by YPOHL which is available to be distributed to shareholders under applicable law, after the deduction of cash required by the group in respect of operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt service and any other necessary financial obligations of the group falling due within the following 6 months, as determined by the YPOHL Board (acting reasonably and in good faith) (“Distributable Excess Cash”) as at the date immediately prior to the issue of such PB is maximised and applied, no later than such date, as follows:
(i)	first, in payment of all accrued and unpaid Deferred Distributions;
(ii)	second, subject to the payment in full of all accrued and unpaid Deferred Distributions:
(a)	65.0% of the Distributable Excess Cash remaining following such payment of Deferred Distributions (“Net Distributable Excess Cash”) is applied to the RCPS holders in the following order of priority:
(1)	first, to the RCPS holders until all accrued and unpaid PIK Distributions (excluding Deferred Distributions) in respect of such outstanding RCPS have been paid in full; and
(2)	second, to the RCPS holders who have outstanding RCPS by way of redemption of their RCPS in accordance with the redemption provisions; and
(b)	35.0% of the Net Distributable Excess Cash is applied to the ordinary shareholders of YPOHL in cash distributions on YPOHL Shares.
If an IPO has not been consummated by a Relevant Group Company or New Holding Company by the Target Exit Date, after the Target Exit Date, for so long as there are any RCPS or (if applicable) PIK converted balances outstanding, the YPOHL Board shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Distributable Excess Cash is maximised and applied as follows:
(i)	first, (if there are PB outstanding) to pay all unpaid and accrued interest or coupon in respect of the PB (“PB Interests”) which have been deferred in accordance with the terms of the PB;
(ii)	second, (if there are PB outstanding) subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) above, to pay all PB Interests that have not been deferred in accordance with the terms of the PB (and are therefore not subject to repayment in accordance with (i) above);
(iii)	third, subject to the payment of in full of all amounts referred to in (i) and (ii) above, to pay any unpaid and accrued PIK Distributions in respect of any (i) IPO Converting RCPS or Further Converting RCPS, or (ii) RCPS which are converted into PB shall, upon the conversion of the RCPS to which they relate, become outstanding balances of YPOHL (increased, where applicable, taking into account the gross-up for withholding tax) in favour of the former holders of such RCPS (“PCB Holder(s)”) (“PIK Converted Balances”) to the PCB Holders all unpaid and accrued amount on such PIK Converted Balance which shall include any portion of a PIK Converted Balance which was a Deferred Distribution prior to the conversion of the relevant RCPS (the “PIK Deferred Balances”);
(iv)	fourth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (iii) above, to pay to the RCPS holders all unpaid and accrued Deferred Distributions;
(v)	fifth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (iv) above, to pay all cash payments owing under the terms of the RCPS in respect of any PIK Converted Balances (that are not PIK Deferred Balances);
(vi)	sixth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (v) above, to pay all Cash Distributions which are declared in respect of any 
RCPS;
(vii)	seventh, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (vi) above, to pay to the PCB Holders all accrued and unpaid PIK Converted Balance in respect of each Distribution Period, which is deemed to be increased by an amount equal to the Preferred Distribution which would have accrued on such PIK Converted Balances had it constituted an accrued PIK Distribution during such Distribution Period (“PIK Additional Balances”) but excluding any such amount which is paid in the event the Preferred Distribution option is selected by the YPOHL Board which comprises (in whole or in part) a Cash Distribution, YPOHL shall pay to the PCB Holder an amount in cash equal to the Cash Distribution which would have been payable by YPOHL to such holders had the applicable PIK Converted Balance been an accrued PIK Distribution, together with any additional gross-up for withholding tax amount;
(viii)	eighth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (vii) above, to pay to the PCB Holders all amounts owing in respect of their PIK Converted Balances until such PIK Converted Balances have been paid in 
full; and 
(ix)	ninth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in Conditions (i) to (viii) above:
(a)	65.0% of the Distributable Excess Cash following payment of all amounts referred to in (i) to (viii) above in full (“Relevant Distributable Excess Cash”) shall be applied to the RCPS holders in the following order of priority:
(1)	first, to the RCPS holders until all accrued and unpaid PIK Distributions (excluding Deferred Distributions) in respect of such outstanding RCPS have been paid in full; and
(2)	second, to the RCPS holders who have outstanding RCPS by way of redemption of their RCPS in accordance with the redemption provisions; and
(b)	35.0% of the Relevant Distributable Excess Cash shall be applied to the ordinary shareholders of YPOHL in cash distributions on the ordinary shares.
If an IPO is consummated by a Relevant Group Company or New Holding Company
If an IPO is consummated, following consummation of such IPO and for so long as there are RCPS or Preferred Distributions or (if applicable) PIK Converted Balances outstanding, the YPOHL Board shall use its reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Distributable Excess Cash is maximised and is applied as follows:
(i)	first, (if there are PB outstanding on or following the consummation of the IPO), to pay all the PB Interests which have been deferred in accordance with the terms of the PB;
(ii)	second, (if there are PB outstanding on or following the consummation of the IPO) subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) above, to pay all PB Interests that have not been deferred in accordance with the terms of the PB (and are therefore not subject to repayment in accordance with (i) above);
(iii)	third, subject to the payment of in full of all amounts referred to in (i) and (ii) above, to pay to the PCB Holders all unpaid and accrued PIK Deferred Balances;
(iv)	fourth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (iii) above, to pay to the RCPS holders all unpaid and accrued Deferred 
Distributions;
(v)	fifth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (iv) above, to pay all cash payments owing under the terms of the RCPS in respect of any PIK Converted Balances (that are not PIK Deferred Balances);
(vi)	sixth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (v) above, to pay all Cash Distributions which are declared in respect of any 
RCPS;
(vii)	seventh, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (vi) above, to pay to the PCB Holders all accrued and unpaid PIK Additional Balances (excluding PIK Deferred Balances);
(viii)	eighth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (vii) above, to pay to the PCB Holders all amounts owing in respect of their PIK Converted Balances until such PIK Converted Balances have been paid in full; and
(ix)	ninth, subject to the payment in full of all amounts referred to in (i) to (viii) above:
(a) 65.0% of the Relevant Distributable Excess Cash shall be applied to the RCPS holders in the following order of priority:
(1)	first, to the RCPS holders until all accrued and unpaid PIK Distributions (excluding Deferred Distributions) in respect of such outstanding RCPS have been paid in full; and
(2)	second, to the RCPS holders who have outstanding RCPS by way of redemption of their RCPS in accordance with the redemption provisions; and
(b) 35.0% of the Relevant Distributable Excess Cash shall be applied to the ordinary shareholders in YPOHL in cash distributions on the ordinary shares.
Subscription : At any time during the PB Exercise Period, each RCPS holder may (but shall not be of PB obliged to) by notice to YPOHL in writing (“PB Conversion Notice”) require YPOHL to convert into PB the RCPS held by such RCPS holder having an aggregate Issue Price which, when taken together with any RCPS which are also required to be so converted by any other RCPS holder(s) is not less than USD50,000,000. 
YPOHL shall issue any PB to be issued pursuant to the terms of the RCPS in a principal amount equal to the aggregate Issue Price of the converted RCPS, on the basis of one (1) PB issued in respect of each one (1) RCPS as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 3 months following the end of the PB Exercise Period and take such necessary steps in accordance with applicable law (including by way of undertaking a capital reduction) to cancel the converting RCPS and shall apply the amounts arising from such cancelation in full satisfaction of the subscription amounts for the PB. YPOHL and the PB holders may agree to consolidate or subdivide such number of PB so long as the PB holders continue to receive the equivalent rights and economic entitlement as prior to such consolidation or subdivision.
The issuance of the PB shall be on terms to be mutually agreed according to market standards and in good faith between YPOHL and the RCPS holders but reflecting the terms and conditions as set out in the Subscription Agreement, which shall include, but not limited to the following:
(i) The PB will constitute unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the issuer of the RCPS (and in the event of an IPO of a Relevant Group Company which is not YPOHL or a New Holding Company, the IPO entity) (“Issuer”) and will at all times rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and any instrument or security issued, entered into or guaranteed by the Issuer which ranks or is expressed to rank, by its terms or by operation of law, pari passu with the PB. The rights and claims of the holders in respect of the PB are subordinated as follow:
(a)	Subject to the insolvency laws of England and any other applicable laws, in the event of the winding-up of the Issuer, the rights of the holders to payment of principal of and interest on the PB are expressly subordinated and subject in right of payment to the prior payment in full of all claims or senior creditors of the Issuer but at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to the PB, and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. 
(b)	For the avoidance of doubt, subject to any applicable laws (including the Insolvency Act 1986), the RCPS shall rank pari passu with the PB save as provided to the contrary in the terms of the RCPS). 
(ii)	Interest on the PB will accrue for the period (“Interest Period”):
(a)	From (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the second anniversary of Issue Date at an interest rate of 14.50% per annum; and
(b)	From (and including) the second anniversary of Issue Date to (but excluding) the third anniversary of Issue Date at an interest rate of 15.50% per annum; and
(c)	From (and including) the third anniversary of Issue Date to (but excluding) the fourth anniversary of Issue Date at an interest rate of 16.50% per annum; and
(d)	From (and including) the fourth anniversary of Issue Date onwards at an interest rate of 17.50% per annum,
in each case on the outstanding principal amount of the PB, which interest will be payable semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject to any optional deferral.
(iii)	The Interest Payment Date shall be 31 April and 31 October of each year (“Interest Payment Date”).
(iv)	Unless all accrued but unpaid interest has been paid to the PB investors, (1) no cash dividends or distributions shall be declared or paid to the shareholders of the Issuer; and (2) no returns of capital (including share buybacks or redemptions) may be made to holders of ordinary share capital or other junior securities.
(v)	The Issuer may, subject to certain notice requirements, redeem all or part of the PB at the following price: 
(a)	On any date between (and including) the Issue Date and (but excluding) the first anniversary of the Issue Date a price that would result in each PB Investor realizing a yield in dollar terms on the principal amount of the PB of 13.85%; and
(b)	On any date between (and including) the first anniversary of the Issue Date and (but excluding) the second anniversary of the Issue Date a price that would result in each PB Investor realizing a yield in dollar terms on the principal amount of the PB of 14.35%; and
(c)	On any date between (and including) the second anniversary of the Issue Date and (but excluding) the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date a price that would result in each PB Investor realizing a yield in dollar terms on the principal amount of the PB of 14.50%; and
(d)	On any date after (and including) the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date a price that would result in each PB Investor realizing a yield in dollar terms on the principal amount of the PB of 15.00%.
Such redemption amount shall include any interest received by the PB Investor (including any deferred interest which has been capitalized on a semi-annual basis).
Conversion	:	Conversion Ratio
The RCPS Conversion Ratio is computed using the following formula: 
A x B
 
D + E – ( B x C ) where:
A	:	The aggregate number of outstanding YPOHL Shares at the time of conversion excluding any YPOHL Shares issued upon the exercise of the Warrants but includes YPOHL Shares issued as consideration in an acquisition
B	:	Issue Price
C	:	The aggregate number of outstanding RCPS immediately before the conversion
D	:	Adjusted Post-Subscription Value of YPOPL which shall be calculated based on:
(a)	the Pre-Subscription Value of YPOPL (being USD 2,670,000,000); less
(b)	any due diligence adjustment amount; less
(c)	the aggregate amount of any distribution paid to the ordinary shareholders of YPOHL (excluding the initial USD200 million distributions to YGCS); plus
(d)	the aggregate subscription amounts of USD1 billion actually paid by the Investors under the Subscription Agreement (including, if any, the additional subscription amounts of USD500 million); plus
(e)	any other new proceeds received by YPOHL in respect of the issuance of any YPOHL Shares
E	:	Incremental Profit Sharing of IPO and customary adjustments in the event of a Drag Sale
Incremental Profit Sharing shall mean, at IPO, if the equity valuation of YPOHL post drawdown of the USD1.00 billion RCPS investment and the pre-IPO proceeds is more than the adjusted reference price, being at a cap of USD4.97 billion (“Adjusted Reference Price”), the RCPS holders will share 50% of the incremental profit above the Adjusted Reference Price with the issuer, provided that such amount is more than USD0.
Conversion 	:	Conversion right prior to IPO right
YPOHL shall, by way of written notice to the RCPS holders (“Proposed IPO Notice”) notify the RCPS holders of any proposed IPO by no later than 3 months prior to the proposed date of consummation of such IPO. A Proposed IPO Notice be in the form as set out in the terms of the RCPS and shall contain, amongst others, the target date for consummation of the proposed IPO, the indicative listing price range for the shares and the proposed size of primary issuance and secondary offering (if any).
Upon receipt of a Proposed IPO Notice, each RCPS holder shall be entitled, by notice in writing to YPOHL (“Initial Conversion Notice”) within the period commencing on the date of the Proposed IPO Notice and ending on the date which is 15 business days thereafter to notify YPOHL of:
(i)	such indicative number (if any) of its outstanding RCPS which the RCPS holder intends to convert into ordinary shares of the IPO Entity in connection with the IPO;
(ii)	the indicative number (if any) of IPO Conversion Shares which the RCPS holder intends to sell as part of the vendor secondary tranche offering in the IPO; and
(iii)	the indicative number (if any) of IPO Conversion Shares which the RCPS holder intends to retain upon consummation of the IPO.
YPOHL shall notify the RCPS holders at least 15 business days prior to the issuance of a publicly available prospectus or offering document (which may be in preliminary form and issued for price discovery and/or bookbuilding purposes) of the target listing price range for the shares of the IPO Entity pursuant to the IPO (the “Target Listing Price Range”) and the proposed date of the IPO. Each RCPS holder shall be entitled, by notice in writing to YPOHL (a “Final Conversion Notice”) within 15 business days from the date of such notice, to notify YPOHL of:
(i)	such number (if any) of its outstanding RCPS which the RCPS holders intends to convert (“IPO Converting RCPS”) into ordinary shares of the IPO Entity in connection with the IPO (“IPO Conversion Shares”);
(ii)	the number (if any) of IPO Conversion Shares which the RCPS holder intends to sell as part of the vendor secondary tranche offering in the IPO; and
(iii)	the number (if any) of IPO Conversion Shares which the RCPS holder intends to retain upon consummation of the IPO,
in each case, subject to the final listing price per share of the IPO entity, being YPOHL, YPOIL, and Yinson Production Financial Services Pte Ltd, or a new holding company being a YPOHL Group company that, directly or indirectly is controlled by YPOHL which holds or will hold all or substantially all of the assets of the YPOHL Group (including the subsidiaries and/or associated companies of YPOHL or YPOPL) in the IPO being within the target listing price range.
If the final listing price per share of the IPO Entity in the IPO is not within the target listing price range, the RCPS holders shall be given the opportunity by YPOHL to update the information contained in the Final Conversion Notice prior to the consummation of the IPO by sending a subsequent Final Conversion Notice to YPOHL.
As soon as possible following the final listing price per share of the IPO entity in the IPO being determined by the YPOHL Board, YPOHL shall notify the RCPS holders of the number of IPO Conversion Shares that will be issued to the RCPS holders, which shall be the product of the number of the IPO Converting RCPS and the Conversion Ratio.
Immediately prior to the listing of the IPO entity (the date on which such listing occurs being the “IPO Conversion Date”), the IPO Converting RCPS shall without further authority than is contained in the terms of the RCPS be converted into and redesignated as such number of IPO Conversion Shares as is derived by multiplying the number of IPO Converting RCPS by the Conversion Ratio. Each IPO Conversion Share shall be deemed to be issued at a price equivalent to the Issue Price multiplied by the aggregate number of IPO Converting RCPS divided by the aggregate number of IPO Conversion Shares.
Each RCPS holder shall sell in the vendor secondary tranche offering in the IPO all of its IPO Conversion Shares which such RCPS holder notified it will sell in the Final Conversion Notice (as updated in accordance with the terms of the RCPS, as applicable).
In the event that any IPO which is proposed is not consummated on the IPO Conversion Date:
(i)	any RCPS notified to YPOHL in any Final Conversion Notice relating to such IPO shall remain outstanding as RCPS (and such Final Conversion Notice shall be deemed revoked), unless otherwise converted or redeemed in accordance with the terms of the RCPS; and
(ii)	each holder of IPO Conversion Shares, if any, shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be entitled, by notice to YPOHL in writing, to require that YPOHL acquires their respective IPO Conversion Shares and to issue to such holder the equivalent number of RCPS or preference shares with substantially the same rights and economic entitlement as the RCPS which were converted (and provided that such holder shall not be required to pay more than the minimum amount required under applicable law to ensure that such shares are fully paid up). 
Conversion right following IPO
At any time following an IPO, each RCPS holder shall be entitled, by notice in writing to YPOHL (“Further Conversion Notice”) to require the conversion of all (or some) of the RCPS held by such RCPS holder (“Further Converting RCPS”) into IPO Conversion Shares (“Further Conversion Shares”) immediately on the date set out in such notice (“Further Conversion Date”), save that:
(i)	the Further Conversion Date shall be at least ten (10) business days from the date of the Further Conversion Notice (or if the conversion is subject to any regulations or restrictions imposed by the approved stock exchange such as dealing restrictions or moratorium requirements, the earliest business day permitted by such restrictions); and
(ii)	the amount of the Issue Price multiplied by the aggregate number of Further Converting RCPS which are the subject of the Conversion (“Further Conversion Amount”) shall not be less than USD25,000,000 (unless such RCPS holder holds, in aggregate, Further Converting RCPS which, when multiplied by the Issue Price, would produce a Further Conversion Amount which is which is less than USD25,000,000, in which case such RCPS holder may convert all such Further Converting RCPS).
On the Further Conversion Date, the Further Converting RCPS shall without further authority than is contained in the conditions of the RCPS be converted into and redesignated into such number of Further Conversion Shares as is derived by multiplying the number of Further Converting RCPS by the Conversion Ratio. Each Further Conversion Share shall be deemed to be issued at a price equivalent to the Issue Price multiplied by the number of Further Converting RCPS divided by the number of Further Conversion Shares.
Maximum conversion	:	Where any proposed conversion by the RCPS holders of IPO Converting RCPS or Further Converting RCPS into IPO Conversion Shares or Further Conversion Shares (as applicable) would otherwise result in the controlling shareholder ceasing to control, or holding less than 51.1% of the issued share capital of YPOHL (assuming all the Warrants held by the Warrants holders are exercised in full, other than in circumstances where the corresponding YPOHL Shares shall be transferred immediately following exercise in respect of a Drag Sale or Tag Sale), the RCPS holders shall proportionately scale back the number of IPO Converting RCPS or Further Converting RCPS which they may convert such that the controlling shareholder shall continue to control or hold at least 51.1% of the issued share capital of the Company following such conversion (it being understood that this shall solely affect the number of RCPS which may be converted, not the number of Conversion Shares into which the RCPS are convertible).
Voting rights	:	The RCPS shall confer on the RCPS holders the right to receive notice of and to attend and speak at all general meetings of YPOHL and to receive proposed written resolutions of YPOHL, but save as in respect of any matter YPOHL and the Investors have agreed in writing shall require the approval of the RCPS holders (or anything which is analogous or has a substantially similar effect to any of those things), not to vote at any such general meeting or on any such written resolution.
Target 	Exit Date	:	Date falling on the fifth anniversary of the First Tranche Closing. 
Issue Price	:	USD1,000 per RCPS.
Governing 
Law	:	English law.
 
Issue size	:	The Warrants shall be issued in the following manner:
(i)	up to 300,000 Warrants on First Tranche Closing date;
(ii)	up to 200,000 Warrants on Second Tranche Closing date;
(iii)	up to 300,000 Warrants on Third Tranche Closing date; and (iv)	up to 200,000 Warrants on Fourth Tranche Closing date.
Form and denomination : The Warrants shall be issued in registered form and will be constituted by the Warrant instrument.
Transferability	:	The Warrants are freely transferable by the holders of the Warrants 
(“Warrantholder”) subject to, amongst others, the following: 
(i)	The articles of association of YPOHL, as amended from time to time.
(ii)	The Shareholders Agreement. 
(iii)	The register of Warrantholders kept by or on behalf of YPOHL be kept accurately by YPOHL at its registered office or at such other place as may be permitted by applicable law (“Warrant Register”).  
(iv)	Any change in the name, address or e-address of the Warrantholder shall be notified to YPOHL within a reasonable time after the change occurs which shall cause the Warrant Register to be altered accordingly. Save where the Warrant Register is made publicly available, the Warrantholder and any person authorised by a Warrantholder shall be at liberty at all reasonable times with prior appointment during office hours to inspect the Warrant Register and to take copies of or extracts from it or any part of it.
(v)	YPOHL shall be entitled to treat the registered Warrantholder as the absolute owner of a Warrant and accordingly shall not, except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, be bound to recognise any equitable or other claim to, or interest in, that Warrant on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice of that claim or interest.
(vi)	The Warrantholder will be recognised by YPOHL as entitled to their Warrants free from any equity, set off or cross claim on the part of YPOHL against the original or any intermediate holder of such Warrants.
(vii)	Every transfer of a Warrant shall be made by an instrument of transfer in the usual or common form or in any other form which may be approved for the time being by the directors of YPOHL. 
(viii)	The instrument of transfer of a Warrant shall be signed by or on behalf of the transferor but need not be signed by or on behalf of the transferee. The transferor shall be deemed to remain the holder of the Warrant until the name of the transferee is entered in the Warrant Register in respect of that Warrant.
(ix)	No fee shall be charged for any registration of a transfer of a Warrant or for the registration of any other documents which in the opinion of the directors of YPOHL require registration.
(x)	The registration of a transfer shall be conclusive evidence of the approval by the directors of YPOHL of such transfer and the directors of YPOHL shall not have any discretion to refuse to register such a transfer.
Listing status	:	The Warrants will not be listed or registered for trading on any stock exchange.
Modification of rights of :	The terms of the Warrant instrument and the rights of the 
Warrantholders	Warrantholder may not be modified, abrogated, extinguished or 
compromised except with the prior written of the holders of 80.0% of the Warrants then outstanding under the Warrant instrument.
Exercise of Warrants : A Warrantholder may exercise its subscription rights in respect of any of the Warrants:
(i)	at any time during the Exercise Period; and
(ii)	at any time prior to the consummation of an IPO, conditionally upon the consummation of:
	(a)	a Drag Sale; 
(b)	a sale pursuant to a Tag Along Offer; or
(c)	following the occurrence of a Deemed Liquidity Event.
Exercise Period	:	Exercise Period means: 
(i)	if an IPO is consummated prior to the Target Exit Date, the period beginning on the consummation of the IPO and ending on the Target Exit Date; or
(ii)	if an IPO has not been consummated prior to the Target Exit Date, the period beginning on the consummation of the IPO and ending on the date falling eighteen (18) months after the Target Exit Date.
Warrants Subscription : The number of Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Rights Warrants shall be calculated based on the following formula: 
A x B 
	 	x C
( 1 – ( B x C ) ) where:
A	:	The outstanding number of YPOHL Shares prior to the exercise of Warrants 
B	:	Maximum Proportion
C	:	Percentage of Warrants exercising in which such percentage as is derived from (a) the number of Warrants which are the subject of the exercise in respect of the relevant exercise divided by (b) the aggregate number of Warrants issued 
Maximum Proportion shall mean (i) the percentage derived by dividing the subscription amount, being the First Tranche 
Subscription Amount, the Second Tranche Subscription Amount, 
Third Tranche Subscription Amount and the Fourth Tranche Subscription Amount (as applicable), fully paid by the Investors to 
YPOHL pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement by USD1.00 billion, multiplied by (ii) 10.0%, less (iii) 2.8% if, on the date of the exercise of Warrants, YPOHL has redeemed an aggregate of not less than USD280 million in principal amount (by Issue Price) of the RCPS.
Exercise price	:	The Warrants will be issued at a nominal consideration of USD1.00 
(equivalent to RM4.43) to each Investor for every tranche. 
The Warrants exercise price shall be calculated based on the following formula:
Warrants Equity Proceeds
 
Warrants Subscription Rights where:
Warrants Equity Proceeds is calculated using the following formula:
Warrants Aggregate Strike Price x B x C
where:
Warrants Aggregate Strike Price is calculated using the following formula:
Post-Subscription Value of 
YPOPL before exercise of 
	Maximum of	Warrants	or USD3.2 billion
 
( 1 – ( B x C ) )
where:
	B	:	Maximum Proportion
C : Percentage of Warrants exercising in which such percentage as is derived from (a) the number of Warrants which are the subject of the exercise in respect of the relevant exercise divided by (b) the aggregate number of Warrants issued  
Warrant Shares	:	The YPOHL Shares to be issued on exercise of the Warrants 
(“Warrant Shares”) shall: 
	(i)	be allotted and issued fully paid;
(ii)	rank pari passu in all respects with the YPOHL Shares then in issue on the relevant registration date; and
(iii)	entitle the registered holder to receive any dividend or other distribution announced or declared on or after the date of exercise of the Warrants in respect of the relevant Warrant Shares.
Cancellation and lapse of :	The Warrants (to the extent unexercised) shall automatically lapse 
Warrants	and be cancelled on the date following the last day of the Exercise 
Period, and the Warrantholder shall not have any further rights under the Warrant instrument (without prejudice to any rights in respect of an antecedent breach by YPOHL).
Governing law	:	English law
 
1.	Rights Offers
1.1	Rights offer notice
If YPOHL proposes to issue any shares or any other class of shares in YPOHL or any other equity securities in YPOHL and any other notes, options, warrants, bonds or other securities or debt convertible into, exchangeable for, or carry a right to subscribe for or purchase, shares or any other class of shares or any other equity securities in YPOHL (“Securities”) (other than an exempt issuance or a permitted issuance) or shareholder loans, it must first give written notice to each of the shareholders (including the RCPS holders) (“Offer Notice”), inviting the shareholder to subscribe for those Securities or shareholder loans. An Offer Notice must:
(i)	specify the total amount of funding that YPOHL is intending to raise;
(ii)	specify the aggregate number of Securities and/ or shareholder loans YPOHL proposes to offer for subscription (“Offer Instruments”), the issue price per Offer Instrument (in the case of Securities) (“Offer Price”) and any other terms and conditions of the issue (including, in the case of shareholder loans, the principal amount of the shareholder loan and the applicable interest rate);
(iii)	inform each shareholder of its equity proportion of the Offer Instruments (“Rights Entitlement”);
(iv)	specify the period for which the offer is open, which shall be at least 20 business days from the date of the Offer Notice (“Offer Period”); 
(v)	invite the shareholder to apply for its Rights Entitlement by giving written notice to YPOHL on the last day of the Offer Period, stating the number (or, in the case of shareholder loans, principal amount) and class of Offer Instruments for which the shareholder wishes to subscribe from its Rights Entitlement, including (if it accepts its Rights Entitlement in full) whether it would irrevocably accept, on the same terms, Offer Instruments that are not accepted by other shareholders (“Excess Offer Instruments”) (and specifying a maximum number thereof); and 
(vi)	not be revoked unless such revocation is otherwise approved by the YPOHL Board.  
2.	Restrictions on disposal
2.1 Each shareholder acknowledges and agrees to maintain the closely held nature of YPOHL by restricting the way in which shareholders may dispose of their Securities and giving shareholders an opportunity to buy any Securities offered for sale before those securities are offered to any party who is not a party to the Shareholders Agreement and must not enter into any arrangement, structuring device or other transaction which is designed, directly or indirectly, to circumvent or avoid this provisions or is otherwise inconsistent with this clause.
2.2 No disposal of any Securities may be made except as expressly permitted or required by the provisions of the Shareholders Agreement.
3.	Right of first offer
3.1	Sale notice
If at any time a shareholder or Warrantholder wishes to dispose of any of its Securities to a bona fide third party proposed purchaser other than pursuant to a permitted transfer, the creation of a security arrangement, a Drag Sale or a transfer of Tag Securities that shareholder (a “Selling Shareholder”) must first give written notice to YGCS and the Investors (collectively the “ROFO Shareholder”), copied to YPOHL (a “Sale Notice”). A Sale Notice must specify the number of Securities the Selling Shareholder proposes to dispose of.
3.2 On receipt of the Sale Notice, each of the ROFO Shareholders shall have the right (but shall be under no obligation) to make an offer in respect of the sale securities by giving notice in writing to the Selling Shareholder (“ROFO Offer Notice”) within 30 business days from the date of the Sale Notice (“ROFO Offer Period”). If a ROFO Shareholder has not served a ROFO Offer Notice before the end of the ROFO Offer Period (or otherwise notifies the Selling Shareholder in writing that it will not make a ROFO Offer), such ROFO Shareholder shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived its right to make an offer in relation to the proposed disposal as notified in the Sale Notice. The ROFO Notice must specify, amongst others, the price per sale security which the ROFO Shareholder is willing to pay, which must be in cash (“Sale Price”) and any other material terms and conditions of the proposed sale (“Sale Terms”).
The ROFO Offer Notice given by the ROFO Shareholder shall constitute an irrevocable offer by the ROFO Shareholder to buy the sale securities for cash at the Sale Price and on the Sale Terms.
3.3	Following the end of the ROFO Offer Period, the Selling Shareholder may:
(i)	prior to the end of the ROFO acceptance period, irrevocably accept or decline any ROFO Offer by giving written notice thereof to a ROFO Shareholder and, if the Selling Shareholder accepts a ROFO Offer, the Selling Shareholder shall sell and the relevant ROFO 
Shareholder(s) shall purchase the sale securities on the terms of the ROFO Offer with such ROFO Shareholder(s);
(ii)	if it does not accept any ROFO Offer, elect to dispose of all (but not less than all) of the sale securities to a third party, provided that in respect of any such disposal, (i) the consideration payable by the transferee on completion of such disposal is an amount which is higher than the highest sale price offered, (ii) any other terms shall not be materially more favourable to the transferee other than those proposed by the ROFO Shareholder who has offered the highest sale price, (iii) completion occurs or all conditions to completion are satisfied or irrevocably waived within 180 calendar days following the end of the ROFO Offer Period, and (iv) the proposed transferee is not a prohibited person; or
(iii)	provided that if no ROFO Offer is received by the end of the ROFO Offer Period, the Selling Shareholder may dispose of the sale securities to a third party on such terms as it may elect, provided that the provisions above shall apply.
3.4	At completion of any disposal of sale securities pursuant to a ROFO Offer which is accepted:
(i)	the relevant ROFO Shareholder(s) must pay to the Selling Shareholder the purchase price for the sale securities; and
(ii)	the Selling Shareholder must deliver to the relevant ROFO Shareholder(s) a duly executed transfer in favour of the relevant ROFO Shareholder(s) of the relevant sale securities and must deliver to YPOHL share certificates or other appropriate instruments relating to the sale securities.
4.	Drag rights
If at any time during the period from the First Tranche Closing, YGCS wishes to sell all of its Securities to a bona fide proposed purchaser other than a permitted transferee of YGCS, YGCS may give written notice (a “Drag Notice”) to each other shareholder and Warrantholder at any time before completing the proposed sale requiring each other shareholder to sell all (and not some only) of its securities to the proposed buyer of the YGCS’ shares in accordance with this clause (“Drag Sale”) provided that the Drag Sale must satisfy the Minimum Drag Condition.
The Minimum Drag Condition shall mean, in respect of a Drag Sale, the RCPS holders shall receive a cash consideration in respect of their RCPS which is the higher of: 
(i)	1.6 times the Issue Price per RCPS, less all Cash Distributions received by such RCPS holder in respect of its RCPS up to the date immediately prior to the consummation of the Drag Sale; or
(ii)	The Redemption Amount.
5.	Tag rights
5.1 If, having already complied with paragraph 3 above and subject to paragraph 5.2 below, YGCS proposes to dispose of, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions and other than pursuant to a permitted transfer, such number of securities held by it that would (or, in the case of a series of related transactions, the transaction, the completion of which would), (a) result in YGCS, together with any of its affiliates ceasing to control YPOHL (“Full Tag Transfer”) or (b) result in YGCS transferring at least 5% of its securities, but which does not constitute a Full Tag Transfer (“Pro Rata Tag Transfer”), then YGCS may not complete such disposal (“Third Party Sale”) unless it ensures that the person to which YGCS proposes to sell its securities (“Tag Buyer”) makes a separate offer to all Investors (or shareholders of YPOHL holding conversion shares) and Warrants Holders (“Tagging Shareholders”) to buy, (i) in the case of a Full Tag Transfer, all of the securities (of each class) held by such Tagging Shareholder; or (ii) in the case of Pro Rata Tag Transfer, such proportion of the securities (of each class) held by such Tagging Shareholder as equals the aggregate proportion of the holding of securities (of the relevant class) of YGCS which is proposed to be disposed of pursuant to the Third Party Sale (“Tag Securities”) on the terms set out in this paragraph (“Tag Along Offer”).
5.2	No Tag Along Offer shall be required to be made if a Drag Notice has been served.
6.	Ordinary distributions
6.1 Subject to applicable law and the terms of the Shareholders Agreement and the articles of YPOHL, before application of any profits to reserve or for any other purpose, and as and if declared by the board of YPOHL out of funds legally available therefor on each distribution payment date, YPOHL has the right (but not the obligation to) pay to each ordinary shareholder in respect of each ordinary share held on distribution payment date, dividends for each Distribution Period (“Ordinary Distributions”) provided that no Ordinary Distributions may be declared in favour of or paid to YGCS (or any of its permitted transferees) unless:
(i)	any Cash Distributions payable to the Investors in respect of the applicable Distribution 
Period have been determined and been paid by YPOHL in full; 
(ii)	there are no outstanding unpaid Deferred Distributions; and
(iii)	any coupon or interest payments which are due to the holders of any PB issued by YPOHL have been paid by YPOHL in full.
6.2 YPOHL may not declare or pay to the ordinary shareholders of YPOHL, in respect of any (i) financial year following the financial year in which First Tranche Closing occurs, Ordinary Distributions in an aggregate amount exceeding USD200,000,000; and (ii) any financial year following the financial year which First Tranche Closing occurs, Ordinary Distributions in an aggregate amount exceeding the lower of:
(i)	1.5 times the aggregate Cash Distributions paid to the Investors for the Distribution Periods for such financial year; and
(ii)	an amount in aggregate for such financial year which would result in YGCS or any of its permitted transferees receiving USD125,000,000 or more as its proportionate share of the Ordinary Distributions.
6.3 The Ordinary Distributions (if any) shall be paid by YPOHL on or about the distribution payment date, but not prior to the payment of any distributions on the RCPS for the relevant Distribution Period.
7.	Term and termination
7.1	Term
(i)	The clause relating to the term of the Shareholders Agreement and the clauses on business and objectives, warranties, confidentiality, notices, general, governing law, dispute resolution (and the schedules referred to in the clauses) and definitions and interpretation shall take effect from and including the date of the Shareholders Agreement.
(ii)	All clauses and schedules of the Shareholders Agreement, other than those referred to above, shall take effect immediately upon First Tranche Closing.
(iii)	Once in force, the provisions of the Shareholders Agreement shall continue in force and bind the parties to it from time to time until the Shareholders Agreement is terminated in accordance with the provisions below.
7.2	Circumstances for termination
The Shareholders Agreement terminates:
(i)	in respect of the rights and obligations of all parties:
(a)	on the date on which YPOHL is wound up;
(b)	on the date on which one person becomes the beneficial owner all of the shares and other securities; 
(c)	upon the consummation of an IPO; or
(d)	on the date on which all parties agree in writing to terminate the Shareholders Agreement; and
(ii)	in respect of the rights and obligations of a shareholder, on the date on which that shareholder (or any of its permitted transferees) ceases to hold any shares and other securities, unless otherwise expressly stated in the Shareholders Agreement.
(iii)	automatically, if the Subscription Agreement is terminated on or before First Tranche Closing pursuant to the terms of the Subscription Agreement.
7.3	Effect of termination
If the Shareholders Agreement terminates in respect of the rights and obligations of any party:
(i)	except as provided in (iii) below, that party is released from its obligations to further perform the Shareholders Agreement;
(ii)	each party retains all rights that it has against each other party in respect of any breach of the Shareholders Agreement occurring before termination; and
(iii)	the provisions of and the rights and obligations of each party under this clause 7.3 and each of the surviving clauses (being clauses on definitions and interpretation, confidentiality, notices, payments, tax information, secondary tax liabilities, transfer taxes, general clauses, governing law, dispute resolution, as well as clauses on board composition, Ordinary Distributions, distributions, capital reduction and redemption, YPOHL undertakings in connection with an IPO, if the Shareholders Agreement terminates upon the consummation of an IPO) survive termination of the Shareholders Agreement. 
8.	Governing law
The Shareholders Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are governed by English law.



HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the financial information of the YPOPL Group based on its audited consolidated financial statements for the FYE 31 January 2022, FYE 31 January 2023, FYE 31 January 2024, as well as the latest unaudited results for the 9M-FPE 31 October 2024 are as follows:

Accounting policies and audit qualification
Based on YPOPL’s audited consolidated financial statements for the past 3 financial years, FYE 31 January 2022, FYE 31 January 2023 and FYE 31 January 2024:
(i)	There were no exceptional or extraordinary items;
(ii)	The accounting policies adopted by the YPOPL Group were in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards and assessed to be appropriate for the nature of its business; and
(iii)	There was no audit qualification for the financial statements of the YPOPL Group.
Commentaries on financial performance
FYE 31 January 2022 vs FYE 31 January 2023
Revenue increased by USD0.40 billion or 42.4% from USD0.95 billion for the FYE 31 January 2022 to USD1.35 billion for the FYE 31 January 2023. The growth was driven primarily by FPSO Maria Quitéria and FPSO Atlanta, which commenced Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation & Commissioning (“EPCIC”) business activities in the current FYE 31 January 2023.
PBT increased by USD0.09 billion or 47.6% from USD0.19 billion for the FYE 31 January 2022 to USD0.28 billion for the FYE 31 January 2023, which was in tandem with revenue growth.
FYE 31 January 2023 vs FYE 31 January 2024
Revenue increased by USD1.16 billion or 85.5% from USD1.35 billion for the FYE 31 January 2023 to USD2.51 billion for the FYE 31 January 2024. The growth was driven primarily by the commencement of 
EPCIC activities for FPSO Agogo in the current FYE 31 January 2024, the commencement of operations FPSO Anna Nery in May 2023 and the one-off effect of the exercise of the call option for the acquisition of AFPS B.V. completed on 31 July 2023 which increased the total contract value prior to completion of construction.
PBT increased by USD0.15 billion or 53.5% from USD0.28 billion for the FYE 31 January 2023 to USD0.43 billion for the FYE 31 January 2024, which was in tandem with revenue growth.
9M-FPE 31 October 2023 vs 9M-FPE 31 October 2024
Revenue decreased by USD0.63 billion or 32.2% from USD1.94 billion for the 9M-FPE 31 October 2023 to USD1.32 billion for the 9M-FPE 31 October 2024. The decline in revenue was primarily due to lower contribution from EPCIC activities as FPSO Atlanta is expected to be completed by the end of the current financial year (completed on 31 December 2024), the absence of the one-off effect of the exercise of the call option for the acquisition of AFPS B.V. completed on 31 July 2023, and the completion of FPSO Anna Nery and FPSO Maria Quitéria on 7 May 2023 and 15 October 2024, respectively. The lower contribution from EPCIC activities was partially offset by higher contribution from FPSO Anna Nery’s and FPSO Maria Quitéria’s operations since first oil was achieved on 7 May 2023 and 15 October 2024, respectively.
PBT decreased by USD0.11 billion or 32.2% from USD0.34 billion for the 9M-FPE 31 October 2023 to USD0.23 billion for the 9M-FPE 31 October 2024, which was in tandem with the decline in revenue.
8.	MATERIAL LITIGATION
As at the LPD, the YPOPL Group is not involved in any material litigation, claims and/or arbitration, either as plaintiff or defendant, and the Board is not aware of any proceedings, pending or threatened, against the YPOPL Group or any facts likely to give rise to any proceedings which may materially and adversely affect the business or financial position of the YPOPL Group.
9.	MATERIAL CONTRACTS
The YPOPL Group has not entered into any material contract (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) within the past 2 years immediately preceding the date of this Circular.


YINSON PRODUCTION OFFSHORE PTE LTD AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES 
DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT 
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024 
 
The Directors present their statement to the shareholder together with the audited financial statements of the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 January 2024.
In the opinion of the Directors, 
(a)	the financial statements of the Group and the Company as set out on pages 6 to 86 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and the Company as at 31 January 2024 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and the Company for the financial year covered by the financial 
(b)	at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company, will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

Arrangements to enable Directors to acquire shares and debentures
Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose object was to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.
Directors’ interests in shares or debentures
(a) According to the register of Directors’ shareholdings, none of the Directors holding office at the end of the financial year had any interest in the shares or debentures of the Company or its related corporations, except as follows:
(b) According to the register of Directors’ shareholdings, certain Directors holding office at the end of the financial year had interests in options and warrants to subscribe for ordinary shares of the Company or its related corporations as set out below:

Share options
No options were granted during the financial year to subscribe for unissued shares of the Company.
No shares were issued during the financial year by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the Company.
There were no unissued shares of the Company under option at the end of the financial year.


Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our Opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Yinson Production Offshore 
Pte. Ltd. (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) and the financial statements of the
Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (“the 
Act”), Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 January 2024 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and of the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company for the financial year ended on that date.
What we have audited
The financial statements of the Company and the Group comprise:
•	the income statements of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 31 January 2024;
•	the statements of comprehensive income of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 31 January 2024;
•	the statements of financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 January 2024;
•	the statements of changes in equity of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then ended;
•	the statements of cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year then ended; and
•	the notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (“SSAs”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (“ACRA Code”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. 
3
OFFSHORE PTE LTD (continued)
Other Information 
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the Directors’ Statement but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act, SFRS(I)s and IFRSs, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The directors’ responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process. 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:
4
OFFSHORE PTE LTD (continued)
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (continued)
•	Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
•	Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
•	Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
•	Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
•	Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•	Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


Corporate information
Yinson Production Offshore Pte Ltd (the "Company" or “YPOPL”) is incorporated and domiciled in Singapore. The address of its registered office is 3 Church Street, #18-01 Samsung Hub, Singapore 049483.
The principal activities of the Company are investment holding and provision of management services.
The principal activities of the subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 16 to the financial statements. 
The immediate holding company is Yinson Global Corporation (S) Pte. Ltd., incorporated in Singapore. Yinson Holdings Berhad (“YHB”), incorporated and listed in Malaysia, is the ultimate holding company.
The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar (“USD”), which is also the Company’s functional currency. Unless otherwise indicated, the amounts in these financial statements have been rounded to the nearest million.
2.	Material accounting policy information
Unless otherwise stated, the following accounting policies have been applied consistently in dealing with items that are considered material in relation to the financial statements.
2.1	Basis of preparation
These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (“SFRS(I)s”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”). All references to SFRS(I)s and IFRSs are referred collectively as SFRS(I)s in these financial statements, unless specified otherwise. 
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention unless otherwise indicated in this summary of significant accounting policies.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with SFRS(I)s and IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. It also requires Directors to exercise their judgement in the process of applying the Group's and the Company’s accounting policies. Although these estimates and judgements are based on the Directors’ best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results may differ. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements are disclosed in Note 5.
2.2	Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries as at 31 January 2024. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Specifically, the Group controls an investee, if and only if, the Group has:
(i)	power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee);
(ii)	exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and (iii)	the ability to use its power over the investee to affect its returns.
When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights in an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:
(i)	the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee; (ii)	rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and (iii)	the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

Consolidation (continued)
The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the financial year are included in the consolidated financial statements of the Group from the date the Group gains control or until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary respectively.
Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income ("OCI") are attributed to the owner of the Company and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies. All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.
Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interest in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in equity attributable to owner of the Company.
2.3 Business combinations and goodwill Common control business combinations
Business combinations involving entities under common control are accounted for by applying predecessor accounting. The assets and liabilities of the combining entities are reflected at their carrying amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements of the controlling holding company. Any difference between the consideration paid and the share capital of the “acquired” entity is reflected within equity as capital reserve. The consolidated statement of comprehensive income reflects the results of the combining entities for the full year, irrespective of when the combination takes place. The comparative information is restated to reflect the consolidated results of combining entities.
Other business combinations
For other acquisitions, business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred measured at acquisition date fair value and the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. Acquisitionrelated costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses.
The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired process is considered substantive if it is critical to the ability to continue producing outputs, and the inputs acquired include an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform that process or it significantly contributes to the ability to continue producing outputs and is considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.
When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets acquired and liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts by the acquiree.
If the business combination is achieved in stages, any previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date, any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. It is then considered in the determination of goodwill.
17
 
Material accounting policy information 
2.3	Business combinations (continued) Other business combinations (continued)
Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of SFRS(I) 9 “Financial Instruments: Classification and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities”, is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. If the contingent consideration is not within the scope of SFRS(I) 9, it is measured in accordance with the appropriate SFRS(I). Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not re-measured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.
2.4	Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
In the Company’s separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less accumulated impairment losses. On disposal of such investments, the difference between the net disposal proceeds and their carrying amount is included in profit or loss.
An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over these policies. 
A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
The classification of a joint arrangement as a joint venture depends upon the rights and obligations of the parties to the arrangement. 
The Group’s investments in its associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method.
Under the equity method, the investments in associates and joint ventures are initially recognised at cost. The carrying amount of the investments is adjusted to recognise changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the associates or joint venture since the acquisition date. Goodwill relating to the associate or joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment and is neither amortised nor individually tested for impairment.
The profit or loss reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the joint ventures and associates. Any change in OCI of those investees is presented as part of the Group’s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associates and joint ventures, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the interest in the associate or joint venture.
Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investments. When the Group’s share of losses in associates or joint ventures equals or exceeds its interests in the associates or joint ventures, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.
The financial information of the associate and joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. When necessary, adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.
After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on its investment in its associate or joint venture. At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the investment in the associate or joint venture is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or joint venture and its carrying value, then recognises the loss in the profit or loss.

2.5	Current versus non-current classification
The Group presents assets and liabilities in statements of financial position based on current/noncurrent classification. An asset is current when it is:
(i)	expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in its normal operating cycle;
(ii)	held primarily for the purpose of trading;
(iii)	expected to be realised within twelve months after the reporting period; or
(iv)	cash or cash equivalents unless restricted from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
All other assets are classified as non-current. A liability is current when:
(i)	it is expected to be settled in its normal operating cycle;
(ii)	it is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
(iii)	it is due to be settled within twelve months after the reporting period; or
(iv)	there is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current assets and liabilities.
2.6	Fair value measurement
The Group measures financial instruments, such as derivatives, at fair value at each reporting date.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
(i)	in the principal market for the asset or liability; or
(ii)	in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible to by the Group.
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.
A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.
The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs.
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:
Level 1 -	Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Level 2 -	Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable; and
Level 3 -	Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.
For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


2.6	Fair value measurement (continued)
The Group’s senior management determines the policies and procedures for recurring fair value measurement.
External valuers are involved for valuation of significant non-financial assets. Involvement of external valuers is decided by the senior management after discussion with and approval by the ultimate holding company’s audit committee. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. The senior management decides, after discussions with the Group’s external valuers, which valuation techniques and inputs to use for each case.
At each reporting date, the senior management analyses the movements in the values of assets and liabilities which are required to be re-measured or re-assessed based on the Group’s accounting policies. For this analysis, the senior management verifies the major inputs applied in the latest valuation by agreeing the information in the valuation computation to contracts and other relevant documents.
The senior management, in conjunction with the Group’s external valuers, also compares the changes in the fair value of each asset and liability with relevant external sources to determine whether the change is reasonable.
For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Group has determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
2.7	Revenue from contracts with customers
The Group and the Company recognise revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of goods or services, i.e. when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and obtain the benefits from the goods or services.

A five-step process is applied before revenue can be recognised:
Step 1:	Identify contracts with customers;
Step 2:	Identify the separate performance obligations;
Step 3:	Determine the transaction price of the contract;
Step 4:	Allocate the transaction price to each of the separate performance obligations; and
Step 5:	Recognise the revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied.
The specific recognition criteria described below must also be met before revenue is recognised.
(i) Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation and Commissioning (“EPCIC”) of Floating Production, Storage and Offloading (“FPSO”) vessels


The Group provides design, supply, installation, operation, life extension and demobilisation of FPSO vessels. The vessel is constructed and leased to a customer on a finance lease arrangement (EPCIC contracts). The vessel is operated by the Group, under a separate operating and maintenance agreement, after transfer to the customer.
The contract includes multiple deliverables (such as Front-End Engineering Design (“FEED”), engineering, construction, procurement, installation, maintenance, operating services, demobilisation). The Group assesses the level of integration between different deliverables and ability of the deliverables to be performed by another party. Based on this assessment, the Group concludes whether the multiple deliverables are a single, or separate, performance obligation(s).
The EPCIC contract generally comprise a single performance obligation due to significant integration of the activities involved.

(i) Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation and Commissioning (“EPCIC”) of Floating Production, Storage and Offloading (“FPSO”) vessels (continued)
The Group determines the transaction price based on consideration stated in the EPCIC contract and transaction price is allocated to performance obligations in the contract based on the relative stand-alone selling prices. The EPCIC contract has agreed fixed pricing terms and a fixed lump sum.
Finance lease arrangements under which the Group constructs and delivers an FPSO vessel to a customer are treated as outright sales (refer to Note 2.13(b)), therefore revenue is recognised as the lower of (i) the fair value of the underlying leased FPSO, or (ii) the present value of the future lease payments accruing to the lessor plus any unguaranteed residual value accruing to it, discounted using a market rate of interest. In order to determine the revenue to be recognised based on this policy, the Group determines discounting using a market rate of interest that takes into account among others: time value of money, financing structure, country risk and risk profile of a client and project.
At contract inception, the Group assesses whether the Group renders EPCIC services and transfers control of the FPSO vessel over time or at a point in time by determining if (a) its performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group; and (b) the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
Where the FPSO vessel has no alternative use for the Group due to contractual restriction, and where the Group has enforceable rights to payment arising from the contractual terms, revenue is recognised over time by reference to the Group’s progress towards completing the EPCIC of the FPSO vessels. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time.
The measure of progress is determined based on the proportion of contract costs incurred to date to the estimated total contract costs. Costs incurred that are not related to the EPCIC contract or that do not contribute towards satisfying a performance obligation are excluded from the measure of progress and instead are expensed as incurred.
Management has determined that the input method best depicts the Group’s performance in transferring control of the FPSO vessel to the customer for its ongoing EPCIC contract, as it reflects the Group’s efforts incurred to date relative to the total inputs expected to be incurred for these contracts.
An element of significant financing is deemed present in one of the Group’s constructions FPSO project.  In determining the construction revenue, the Group adjusts for the effects of the significant financing component using a discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and its customer at contract inception, such that it reflects the credit characteristics of the party receiving financing in the contract. 
Up to the point that the Group can reasonably measure the outcome of the performance obligation, revenue is only recognised to the extent of costs incurred.
Estimates of revenues, costs, or extent of progress toward completion are revised if circumstances change. Any resulting increases or decreases in estimated revenues or costs are reflected in the profit or loss in the period in which the circumstances that give rise to the revision become known by management.
Due to the nature of the services performed, variation orders and claims are commonly billed to customers in the normal course of business. The variation orders and claims are modifications of contracts that are usually not distinct and are therefore normally considered as part of the existing performance obligation. Variable consideration is included in the transaction only to the extent that it is a highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

The Group can agree on various payment arrangements which generally reflect the progress of delivered performance obligations. If the value of the goods transferred by the Group exceed the billings, a contract asset (refer to Note 2.27 for the accounting policy on contract assets) is recognised. If the billings exceed the value of the goods transferred, a contract liability (refer to Note 2.28 for the accounting policy on contract liabilities) is recognised. 
For costs incurred in fulfilling the contract which are within the scope of another SFRS(I) (e.g. Inventories), these have been accounted for in accordance with those other SFRS(I). If these are not within the scope of another SFRS(I), the Group will capitalise these as contract costs assets only if (a) these cost relate directly to a contract or an anticipated contract which the Group can specifically identify; (b) these cost generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and (c) these costs are expected to be recovered. Otherwise, such costs are recognised as an expense immediately.
Capitalised contract costs are subsequently amortised on a systematic basis as the Group recognises the related revenue over time. An impairment loss is recognised in the profit or loss to the extent that the carrying amount of capitalised contract costs exceeds the expected remaining consideration less any directly related costs not yet recognised as expenses.
(ii)	Offshore maintenance support and rendering of services
The Group provides separate services to FPSO charterers including vessel management, repair and maintenance, crewing and operators, provisions, insurance, logistic support during the on-hire period. Revenue from offshore maintenance support and rendering of services are identified as a single performance obligation as the contracts comprise multiple deliverables that include a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.
The Group recognises revenue from offshore maintenance support and rendering of services over time, using an input method, measuring the inputs put in relative to the total expected inputs needed to transfer the promised services to the customer. Revenue is recognised on a straight-line basis as the inputs are expended evenly throughout the period. Revenue is recognised as and when the performance obligations are satisfied by the Group. The credit terms to customers is generally for a period of 30 to 60 days.
(iii)	Management fees
Management fees are recognised over time in the period in which the services are rendered.
2.8	Revenue from other sources
The Group and the Company recognise revenue from other sources as follows:
(i)	Chartering of FPSOs
Revenue from FPSO chartering contracts classified as operating leases are recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease period for which the customer has contractual right over the vessel.
(ii)	Dividend income
Dividend income from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures is recognised when the Company's right to receive payment is established.
(iii)	Interest income
Interest income from financial assets at amortised costs is recognised using the effective interest rate method.
2.9	Taxes
(a)	Current income tax
Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current period are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted, at the reporting date in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable income.
Current income tax relating to items recognised directly in equity is recognised in equity and not in the profit or loss. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.
(b)	Deferred tax
Deferred tax is provided using the liability method, on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements at the reporting date.
Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, unused tax credits and any unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that sufficient future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the financial year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.
Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in OCI or directly in equity.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
2.10 	Foreign currencies
(a)	Functional and presentation currency
Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The financial statements are presented in United States Dollar, which is also the Company’s functional and presentation currency.
(b)	Transactions and balances
Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are remeasured. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss. However, exchange differences are deferred in OCI when they arose from qualifying cash flow or net investment hedges or are attributable to items that form part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets are included in OCI.
(c)	Group companies
The results and financial position of all the Group’s entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:
(i)	assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are 
translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;
(ii)	income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive income or separate income statement presented are translated at average exchange rates for the financial periods (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and
(iii)	all resulting exchange differences are recognised as a separate component of OCI.
Fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Exchange differences arising are recognised in OCI.
2.11	Cash dividend to owner of the Company
The Company recognises a liability to make cash distributions to owner of the Company when the distribution is authorised and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Company. 
2.12	Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost includes purchase price and any cost that is directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by the management. Cost also includes borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset. Refer to Note 2.14 for the accounting policy on borrowing costs.
When significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. Likewise, when a major inspection is performed, its cost is recognised in the carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other repair and maintenance costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred. The present value of the expected cost for the decommissioning of an asset after its use is included in the cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a provision are met.

Construction-in-progress are not depreciated as these assets are not yet available for use. Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis to allocate the cost of each asset to their residual values over their estimated useful lives as follows:
	Motor vehicles	5 - 10 years
	FPSO	Lease term of 20 years
	Electrical installation (under other assets)	3 years
	Renovation, office equipment, furniture and fittings (under other assets)	3 - 10 years
	Capital spares (under other assets)	25 years
An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.
Residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
At the end of the reporting period, the Group assesses whether there is any indication of impairment. If such indications exist, an analysis is performed to assess whether the carrying amount of the asset is fully recoverable. A write down is made if the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount. Refer to Note 2.20 for the accounting policy on impairment of non-financial assets.
2.13	Leases
	(a)	Accounting by lessee
Leases are recognised as right-of-use ("ROU") asset and a corresponding liability at the date on which the leased asset is available for use by the Group (i.e. the commencement date).
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases of properties for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected the practical expedient provided in SFRS(I) 16 not to separate lease and non-lease components. Both components are accounted for as a single lease component and payments for both components are included in the measurement of lease liability.
Lease term
In determining the lease term, the Group considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not to exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended (or not to be terminated).
The Group reassesses the lease term upon the occurrence of a significant event or change in circumstances that is within the control of the Group and affects whether the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an option not previously included in the determination of lease term, or not to exercise an option previously included in the determination of lease term. A revision in lease term results in remeasurement of the lease liabilities. See accounting policy below on reassessment of lease liabilities.
ROU assets 
ROU assets are initially measured at cost comprising the following:
-	The amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
-	Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentive received;
-	Any initial direct costs; and -	Decommissioning or restoration costs.

(a)	Accounting by lessee (continued)
ROU assets (continued)
ROU assets are subsequently measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment loss (if any). The ROU assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the ROU asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life. In addition, the ROU assets are adjusted for certain remeasurement of the lease liabilities.
ROU assets are presented as part of property, plant and equipment in the statements of financial position of the Group and the Company.
Lease liabilities
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. The lease payments include the following:
•	Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentive receivable;
•	Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
•	Amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
•	The exercise price of a purchase and extension options if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
•	Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.
Lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used. This is the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the ROU in a similar economic environment with similar term, security and conditions.
Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
Variable lease payments that are not based on an index or rate are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that triggers those payments occurs.
Lease liabilities are presented as a separate line item in the statements of financial position of the Group and the Company. Interest expense on the lease liability is presented within finance cost in profit or loss.
Reassessment of lease liabilities
The Group is also exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is remeasured and adjusted against the ROU assets.
Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets comprise small items of office furniture. Payments associated with short-term leases of vehicles and properties and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term as an expense in profit or loss.

(b)	Accounting by lessor
As a lessor, the Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for the major part of the economic life of the asset, the present value of the minimum lease payments amounts to at least substantially all of the fair value of the leased asset at the inception of the lease and the lessee has the option to purchase the asset at a price that is expected to be sufficiently lower than the fair value at the date the option becomes exercisable for it to be reasonably certain, at the inception of the lease, that the option will be exercised.
Finance lease
The Group classifies a lease as a finance lease if the lease transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee.
The Group derecognises the underlying asset and recognises a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in a finance lease. Net investment in a finance lease is measured at an amount equal to the sum of the present value of lease payments from lessee and the unguaranteed residual value of the underlying asset. The lease payments include fixed payments, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate and unguaranteed residual value of the leased asset.
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as revenue in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.
Initial direct costs are also included in the initial measurement of the net investment. The net investment is subject to SFRS(I) 9 impairment (refer to Note 2.16(ii) on impairment of financial assets). In addition, the Group reviews regularly the estimated unguaranteed residual value.
Lease income is recognised over the term of the lease using the net investment method so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return. The Group revises the lease income allocation if there is a reduction in the estimated unguaranteed residual value.
Where a lease is determined to be a finance lease at lease inception and the Group is a manufacturer-lessor, the Group recognises selling profit or loss on a finance lease at the lease commencement date in profit or loss as follows:
•	Revenue is the fair value of the underlying leased asset or, if lower, the present value of the lease payments accruing to the lessor, discounted using a market rate of interest;
•	Cost of sale is the cost, or carrying amount (if different), of the underlying leased asset, less the present value of the unguaranteed residual value; and
•	Selling profit or loss is the difference between revenue and the cost of sale, and is recognised in accordance with the principles in SFRS(I) 15 (Note 2.7(i)).
Changes in variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate that occur subsequent to initial measurement are included in the lease payments at lease commencement and upon subsequent adjustments to the charter rates that are agreed with customers. These changes are accounted for as a re-measurement of the net investment in a finance lease and recognised as revenue in the period in which the change occurs.
Operating lease 
Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on a straight-line basis on the same basis as rental income.


(b)	Accounting by lessor (continued)
Separating lease and non-lease components
If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on the standalone selling prices in accordance with the principles in SFRS(I) 15.
2.14 	Borrowing costs
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the asset, until such time all the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they occur.
2.15 	Intangible assets 
(i)	Computer software
Costs incurred to acquire computer software that are not an integral part of the related hardware, are capitalised as intangible assets and amortised on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of 5 - 10 years, when the assets are ready for their intended use. The capitalisation of computer software is on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to use the specific software.
Directly attributable costs that are capitalised as part of the software product include the software development employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads.
(ii)	Contract rights
Contractual rights and obligations for a customer contract are recognised at its fair value at the date of acquisition and subsequently amortised over the contract period of 8 years upon commencement of charter.
When an indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount of the intangible assets is assessed and written down to its recoverable amount. Refer to Note 2.20 for the accounting policy on impairment of non-financial assets.
2.16 	Financial instruments
	(i)	Financial assets
	(a)	Classification, initial recognition and measurement
The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:
•	Financial assets measured at amortised cost;
•	Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ("FVOCI"); and
•	Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL").
Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in profit or loss.
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest ("SPPI").
(b)	Subsequent measurement
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
	(i)	Financial assets at amortised cost
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent SPPI are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate ("EIR") method. Any gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the debt instruments are derecognised or impaired, and through the amortisation process.
	(ii)	Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)
Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent SPPI, are measured at FVOCI.
After initial measurement, FVOCI financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value with unrealised gains or losses recognised in OCI and credited in the FVOCI reserve until the investment is derecognised, at which time the cumulative gain or loss is recognised in other operating income, or the investment is determined to be impaired, at which time the cumulative loss is reclassified from the FVOCI reserve to the profit or loss. Interest earned whilst holding FVOCI financial assets is reported as interest income using the EIR method.
	(iii)	Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ("FVTPL")
Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at FVTPL if doing so significantly reduces or eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on different bases.
Financial assets at FVTPL are carried in the statements of financial position at fair value with net changes in fair value presented as administrative expenses (negative net changes in fair value) or other income (positive net changes in fair value) in profit or loss. 

(ii)	Impairment of financial assets
The Group and the Company assess on a forward looking basis the expected credit loss ("ECL") associated with its debt instruments carried at amortised cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.
The Group and the Company have five types of financial instruments that are subject to the ECL model:
(i)	Trade and other receivables;
(ii)	Contract assets;
(iii)	Derivatives
(iv)	Finance lease receivables; and (v)	Cash and bank balances.
While cash and bank balances are also subject to the impairment requirements of SFRS(I) 9, there was no impairment loss identified.
ECL represent a probability-weighted estimate of the difference between the present value of cash flows according to contracts and the present value of cash flows the Group and the Company expect to receive, over the remaining life of the financial instrument. For financial guarantee contracts, the ECL is the difference between the expected payments to reimburse the holder of the guaranteed debt instrument less any amounts that the Company expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.
	(a)	General 3-stage approach for financial assets and contract assets at amortised cost
At each reporting date, the Group and the Company measure loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL if credit risk on a financial instrument or a group of financial instruments has not increased significantly since initial recognition. For all other financial instruments, a loss allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL is required.
Other financial assets at amortised cost comprise other receivables, finance lease receivables and cash and cash balances. The general 3-stage approach is applied for other financial assets at amortised cost other than trade receivables and contract assets.
The Group and the Company consider the probability of default upon initial recognition of the asset and whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group and the Company compare the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportable forwardlooking information.

(a)	General 3-stage approach for financial assets and contract assets at amortised cost 
(continued)
The following indicators are incorporated:
•	internal credit rating;
•	external credit rating (as far as available);
•	actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations;
•	actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor; and
•	significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the debtor, including changes in the payment status and changes in the operating results of the debtor.
Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part of the internal rating model.
Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment.
Note 34(b) sets out the measurement details of ECL.
	(b)	Simplified approach for trade receivables and contract assets
The Group and the Company apply the SFRS(I) 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL for all trade receivables and contract assets.
The Group and the Company define a financial instrument as default, which is fully aligned with the definition of credit-impaired, when it meets one or more of the following criteria:
Quantitative criteria
The Group and the Company define a financial instrument as being in default, when the counterparty fails to make contractual payment within 90 days of when they fall due.
Qualitative criteria
The debtor meets unlikeliness to pay criteria, which indicates the debtor is in significant financial difficulty. The Group and the Company consider the following instances:
•	the debtor is in breach of financial covenants;
•	concessions have been made by the lender relating to the debtor’s financial 
difficulty;
•	it is becoming probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; and
•	the debtor is insolvent.
Financial instruments that are credit-impaired are assessed on individual basis. 
Note 34(b) sets out the measurement details of ECL.

(iii)	Financial liabilities
(a)	Initial recognition and measurement
Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as appropriate.
All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.
The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, loans and borrowings, lease liabilities and derivative financial instruments.
(b)	Subsequent measurement
The measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification, as described below:
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include derivative financial instruments and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.
Derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by SFRS(I) 9 are classified as held for trading. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in profit or loss.
Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in SFRS(I) 9 are satisfied.
Loans and borrowings
After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the EIR amortisation process.
When the basis to determine the future contractual cash flows of the borrowings are modified entirely as a result of IBOR reform, the Group applies the reliefs provided by the Phase 2 amendments related to IBOR reform to adjust the effective interest rate of the borrowings with no modification gain or loss is recognised.
	(c)	Derecognition
A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the profit or loss.
	(iv)	Offsetting of financial instruments
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy.


2.17 	Financial guarantees
The Company has issued corporate guarantees to banks for bank borrowings of its subsidiaries. These guarantees are financial guarantees as they require the Company to reimburse the banks if the subsidiaries fail to make principal or interest payments when due in accordance with the terms of their borrowings. 
Financial guarantee contracts are initially measured at fair value and subsequently measured at the higher of: 
(a)	amount initially recognised less the cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of SFRS(I) 15; and 
(b)	the amount of expected loss allowance computed using the impairment methodology under Note 2.16.
2.18	Derivative financial instruments
The Group uses derivative financial instruments, interest rate swaps, to hedge its interest rate risks. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently re-measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
The accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged.
Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are classified as fair value through profit or loss and changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss.
Derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are designated as hedges of a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction (cash flow hedge).
The Group documents at the inception of the hedge relationship, the economic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging instruments are expected to offset changes in the cash flows of hedged items. The Group documents its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transactions. The Group also documents its assessment, both at hedge inception and on an ongoing basis on whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements under SFRS(I) 9.
Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative. Derivatives are classified as a non-current asset or liability when the remaining maturity is more than 12 months, and the balance is classified as current.
For derivatives that qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value is recognised in profit or loss. The gain or loss relating to the effective portion is recognised in other comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss.
IBOR reform
The Group has applied the following reliefs provided by the Amendments to SFRS(I) 9 and SFRS(I) 7 ‘Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2:
(a)	Hedge designation: When the ‘Phase 1’ amendments cease to apply, the Group amends its hedge designation to reflect changes which are required by IBOR reform. These amendments to the hedge documentation do not require the Group to discontinue its hedge relationships;
(b)	Amounts accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve: When the interest rate benchmark on which the hedged future cash flows were based is changed as required by IBOR reform, the accumulated amount outstanding in the cash flow hedge reserve is deemed to be based on the alternative benchmark rate;

Phase 2 of the amendments requires that, for financial instruments, measured using amortised cost measurement, changes to the basis for determining the contractual cash flows required by IBOR reform are reflected by adjusting their effective interest rate. No immediate gain or loss is recognised. 
2.19	Inventories
Inventories comprise spare parts and consumables are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value.
Purchase costs and other costs incurred in bringing the spare parts to its present location and condition are accounted for on a weighted average cost basis.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
2.20	Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group and the Company assess, at each reporting date, whether there is an indication that an asset may be impaired. If any indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group and the Company estimate the asset’s recoverable amount. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU fair value less costs of disposal and its valuein-use.
Recoverable amount is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account. If no such transactions can be identified, an appropriate valuation model is used. These calculations are corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share prices for publicly traded companies or other available fair value indicators.
Impairment losses are recognised in the profit or loss in expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.
For assets excluding goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date to determine whether there is an indication that previously recognised impairment losses no longer exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group estimates the asset’s or CGU’s recoverable amount. A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the assumptions used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in the profit or loss unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case, the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase in revaluation reserve.
2.21	Cash and bank balances
Cash and bank balances in the statements of financial position comprise cash at banks, cash on hand and short-term deposits with a maturity of three months or less, for purpose of short-term working capital rather than for investment or other purposes, that are convertible to known amounts of cash and is not subject to significant risk of change in value.

2.22 	Provisions
Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made. When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example, under an insurance contract, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the profit or loss net of any reimbursement.
2.23	Employee benefits
(a)	Short term employee benefits
Wages, salaries, paid annual leave and sick leave, bonuses, and non-monetary benefits that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
(b)	Defined contribution plans
The Group’s contributions to defined contribution plans are charged to profit or loss in the period to which they relate. Once the contributions have been paid, the Group and the Company have no further financial obligations.
2.24	Share capital
(i)	Classification
Ordinary shares are recorded at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable transaction costs. Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
(ii)	Share issue costs
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are deducted against the share capital account. In other cases, they are charged to the profit or loss when incurred.
(iii)	Dividend distribution
A liability is recognised for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorised and no longer at the discretion of the Group, on or before the end of the reporting period but not distributed at the end of the reporting period.
Distributions to holders of an equity instrument is recognised directly in equity. 


2.25	Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services performed in the ordinary course of business. Other receivables generally arise from transactions outside the usual operating activities of the Group. If collection is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as noncurrent assets.
Details on the Group’s impairment policies of trade and other receivables are provided in Note 2.16(ii). 
2.26	Trade and other payables
Trade and other payables represent liabilities for services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. If not, they are presented as noncurrent liabilities.
2.27	Contract assets
Contract assets as defined in SFRS(I) 15 represent the Group’s construction work-in-progress. Construction work-in-progress is the Group‘s right to consideration in exchange for goods and services that the Group has transferred to the customer. The Group‘s contract assets are measured as accumulated revenue recognised over time based on progress of the project net of instalments invoiced to date. The invoiced instalments represent the contractually agreed unconditional milestone payments during the construction period and these amounts are classified as trade receivables until the amount is paid. The Group recognises any losses from onerous contracts under provisions in line with SFRS(I) 1-37.
2.28	Contract liabilities
The Group recognises a contract liability where instalments are invoiced or received in advance of satisfying the performance obligation towards the customer. Included in contract liabilities is also deferred income relating to charter income received in advance which are deferred and amortised on a straight-line basis over the contract period.
2.29	Put option liability
The Group recognises a liability for an option granted to a non-controlling interest to sell its equity stake back to the Group at their original consideration less dividends and proceeds from capital reduction received by then upon occurrence of conditions set out in the shareholders agreement. A corresponding amount is recognised directly in equity as put option reserve.

3. Standards, amendments to published standards and interpretations, which are applicable and adopted by the Group and the Company
The Group and the Company have applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for the financial year beginning on 1 February 2023:
(i)	SFRS(I) 17 “Insurance Contracts” and its amendments
(ii)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2 "Disclosure of Accounting Policies"
(iii)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8 “Definition of Accounting Estimates”
(iv)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12 "Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction"
(v)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12 “International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules” 
The adoption of the above amendments to published standards does not have any material impact to the Group and the Company for the financial year ended 31 January 2024, other than as disclosed below:
Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2 "Disclosure of Accounting Policies"
These amendments provide guidance and examples to help entities applying materiality judgements to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments aim to help entities to provide accounting policy disclosures that are more useful, by replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their “significant” accounting policies with a requirement to disclose “material” accounting policies. 
The amendments had a minor impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. The Group had performed a reassessment of its accounting policy disclosures against the amended guidance, which resulted in minor changes to the section on accounting policies.
Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12 “International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules”
The Group has applied the temporary exception issued by Accounting Standards Committee under Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”) and International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) in May 2023 from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in SFRS(I) 1-12 "International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules". Accordingly, the Group neither recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes.
As the Group may be impacted by Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) rules, it continues to assess their potential financial impact. It should be noted that the impact can only be finally determined when legislation is enacted in the relevant jurisdictions. Once the final legislation is enacted in all jurisdictions in which the Group operates and a full assessment of the impact is completed, the Group will be able to conclude on the implications of BEPS rules.
4. Standards, amendments to published standards and interpretations to existing standards that are applicable to the Group and the Company but not yet effective
	(a)	Financial year beginning on/after 1 February 2024
	(i)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 16 “Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback”
Amendments to SFRS(I) 16 “Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback” specify the measurement of the lease liability arises in a sale and leaseback transaction that satisfies the requirements in SFRS(I) 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” to be accounted for as a sale. In accordance with the amendments, the seller-lessee shall determine the “lease payments” or “revised lease payments” in a way that it does not result in the seller-lessee recognising any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. 
The amendments shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions entered after the date when the seller-lessee initially applied SFRS(I) 16.

4. Standards, amendments to published standards and interpretations to existing standards that are applicable to the Group and the Company but not yet effective (continued)
	(a)	Financial year beginning on/after 1 February 2024 (continued)
(ii)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 "Presentation of Financial Statements"
There are two amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 "Presentation of Financial Statements". The first amendments, "Classification of liabilities as current or non-current" clarify that liabilities are classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification is unaffected by the entity’s expectations or events after the reporting date (e.g. the receipt of a waiver or a breach of covenant).
The second amendments, "Non-current Liabilities with Covenants" specify that covenants of loan arrangements which an entity must comply with only after the reporting date would not affect classification of a liability as current or non-current at the reporting date. However, those covenants that an entity is required to comply with on or before the reporting date would affect classification of a liability as current or non-current, even if the covenant is only assessed after the reporting date.
The amendments shall be applied retrospectively.
(iii)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-7 and SFRS(I) 7 “Supplier Finance Arrangements”
Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-7 and SFRS(I) 7 “Supplier Finance Arrangements” require entities to disclose information about the supplier finance arrangements (‘SFA’) that enable the users to understand the effects of SFA on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk.
The amendments require the following information about SFA to be disclosed in the annual period in which the amendments are first applied:
(a)	the terms and conditions of SFAs;
(b)	the carrying amount of financial liabilities that are part of SFAs and the line items in which those liabilities are presented;
(c)	the carrying amount of the financial liabilities in (b) for which suppliers have already received payment from the finance providers;
(d)	the range of payment due dates for both the financial liabilities that are part of 
SFAs, and comparable trade payables that are not part of such arrangements;
(e)	the type and effect of non-cash changes in the carrying amounts of the financial liabilities that are part of SFAs; and
(f)	liquidity risk information (e.g. concentration of risks; access to SFA facilities for liquidity requirement).

4.	Standards, amendments to published standards and interpretations to existing standards that are applicable to the Group and the Company but not yet effective (continued)
	(b)	Financial year beginning on/after 1 February 2025 
	(i)	Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-21 “Lack of Exchangeability”
Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-21 “Lack of Exchangeability” clarify that a currency is exchangeable when an entity is able to exchange it into another currency within a time frame that allows for a normal administrative delay and through a market or exchange mechanism that creates enforceable rights and obligations. If an entity can only obtain no more than an insignificant amount of the other currency at the measurement date for the specified purpose, then the currency is not exchangeable. In such cases, the entity is required to estimate the spot exchange rate at the measurement date.
The Group and the Company are currently assessing the impact of the adoption and application of the above new/amended standards. Other standards and amendments are not relevant for the Group and the Company.
5.	Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated by the Directors and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the current circumstances.
The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, rarely equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are outlined below.
	(a)	Finance leases - Group as lessor
The Group has determined, based on the analysis of the terms and conditions of the contract on assessing whether the Group retains the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the FPSO subject of the lease contract. To identify whether risks and rewards are retained, the Group systematically considers, amongst others, the indicators listed by SFRS(I) 16 “Leases” on a contract-by-contract basis. The Group makes significant judgements to determine whether the arrangement results in a finance lease or an operating lease. This judgement can have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements and its recognition of profits in the future.
The most important judgement areas assessed by the Group in respect of finance leases are as follows:
	•	Determination of fair value of the leased FPSOs
For the Group’s awarded lease contracts that were classified under SFRS(I) 16 as finance leases for accounting purposes, the fair value of the leased FPSO is recorded as an outright sale at the commencement of the lease.
Significant judgements are used to estimate the charter rates and discount rates applied in computing the fair value of the leased FPSO. The discount rate used is based on the interest rate implicit to the lease. The interest rate implicit to the lease takes into account among others: time value of money, financing structure, country risk and risk profile of a client and project. Therefore, the discount rate requires estimation, particularly when no observable rates are available or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease.

•	Allocation of transaction price to performance obligations for lease contracts
The Group provides design, supply, installation, operation, life extension and demobilisation of FPSO vessels. The vessels are constructed and leased to customers on a finance lease arrangement, and operated by the Group under a separate operating and maintenance agreement after the vessels are handed over to the customers. Therefore, the construction of the vessels, leasing and operations are each identified as a separate performance obligation. The transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation based on the relative stand-alone selling prices.
The relative stand-alone selling prices are estimated based on the expected costs to be incurred and expected profit margin applicable to each performance obligation at the inception of the lease contract. Significant judgment is used to estimate the costs and profit margins applied in the allocation of the transaction price.
Please refer to Notes 2.7(i) and Note 2.13(b) for the Group’s accounting policies on revenue recognition for the construction of FPSO vessels and finance lease arrangements respectively.
•	Determination of lease term
The Group determines the lease term based on the period for which the Group has contracted to lease the asset together with any further terms for which the lessee has the option to continue to lease the asset.
In determining the lease term, the Group considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive for the lessor to exercise an extension option, including the indicators set out in paragraphs B37 to B40 of SFRS(I) 16 “Leases”. Extension options are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended by the lessees. The evaluation of the term “reasonably certain” involves judgement.
Extension options are included in certain leases of FPSOs across the Group in order to determine the net investment in these leases (Note 21(a)). The extension options are exercisable only by the respective lessees.
The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised). The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs, which affects this assessment.
(b)	The measurement and recognition of revenues on EPCIC contracts based on the input method
The Group has ongoing EPCIC contracts to construct FPSO vessels for customers. For this contract, revenue is recognised over time by reference to the Group’s progress towards completing the EPCIC of the FPSO. The measure of progress is determined based on the proportion of contract costs incurred to date to the estimated total contract costs (“input method”).
Management has to estimate the total contract costs to complete, which are used in the input method to determine the Group’s recognition of contract revenue. When it is probable that the total unavoidable contract costs of meeting the obligation under the contract will exceed the total contract revenue, a provision for onerous contracts is recognised immediately.

(b) The measurement and recognition of revenues on EPCIC contracts based on the input method (continued)
Present obligations arising under onerous contracts are recognised and measured as provisions by accessing each contract. An onerous contract is considered to exist where the Group has a contract under which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it. 
The management has also applied judgement to assess whether facts and circumstances indicate that a group of contracts has become onerous as a whole at the Group. Intra-group transactions will be eliminated at consolidation.
Significant judgement is used to estimate the above-mentioned total contract costs to complete. In making these estimates, management has applied its past experience of completing similar projects, as well as quotations from and contracts with suppliers and subcontractors. These estimations are also made with due consideration of the circumstances and relevant events that were known to management at the date of these financial statements. Total contract costs are subject to fluctuations not only due to uncertainties in contract execution, variations in scope of works, and acceptance of claims by customers, but also due to broader macroeconomic factors. These include post-COVID market conditions, high commodity prices, and political events globally which can significantly affect material costs and project timelines. Recent geopolitical tensions and persistent high inflation are such examples impacting our estimations. Material changes influenced by these factors are recognised in the financial statements of the year they occur, as per SFRS(I) guidelines, and disclosed as subsequent events if identified and can be reliably measured post-reporting period but pre-financial statement issuance.
For the financial year ended 31 January 2024, if there is an increase/decrease of 5% to the estimated total contract costs, revenue would decrease/increase by USD 131 million (2023: USD 100 million).
Costs and revenue (and the resulting gross margin) at completion reflect, at each reporting period, management’s current best estimate of the probable future benefits and obligations associated with the contracts.
	(c)	Income taxes
The Group recognises liabilities for expected tax issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recognised, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.
Uncertain tax positions
In measuring the provision for taxation and deferred taxation at reporting date, the Group has applied judgements and estimates in relation to certain interpretation of tax legislation in arriving at the Group’s tax position. Judgements and estimates are based on the current tax legislation and best available information as at the reporting date. 
The Group completed a detailed review of uncertain tax positions of the Group and makes provisions based on the probability of the liability arising. The principal risks that arise for the Group are in respect of permanent establishments, cross border transactional taxes, transfer pricing and other similar international tax issues. The Group is continuously reassessing its judgements and estimates whenever there is a change in circumstances.
As a result of the above, the Group has recorded USD 6 million tax provisions in respect of ongoing tax audits following the Group’s review of its uncertain tax positions.

PROPOSED RENEWAL OF SHARE BUY-BACK AUTHORITY 
 
	1.	INTRODUCTION
The Company had at the AGM held on 13 July 2023, obtained approval from the Shareholders for the renewal of share buy-back authority to purchase up to ten percent (10%) of the total number of issued shares at any point in time through its appointed stockbroker. This authority, which took effect upon the passing of the ordinary resolution, will expire at the conclusion of the forthcoming 31ST AGM of the Company unless renewed.
The Board had on 20 May 2024, announced to Bursa Securities that the Company proposes to seek Shareholders’ approval for the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority at the forthcoming 31ST AGM of the Company in accordance with Section 127 of the Act, the Constitution and the Listing Requirements.
The purpose of this Statement is to provide the Shareholders with details pertaining to the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority and to seek the Shareholders’ approval for the ordinary resolution thereto to be tabled at the forthcoming 31ST AGM of the Company.
	2.	DETAILS OF THE PROPOSED RENEWAL OF SHARE BUY-BACK AUTHORITY
	2.1	Details of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority
The Board proposes to seek the Shareholders’ approval on the Proposed Renewal of Share BuyBack Authority for the Company to purchase up to ten percent (10%) of the total number of issued shares at any point in time through its appointed stockbroker.
The mandate from the Shareholders for the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority, once approved by the Shareholders, will be effective immediately from the date of the passing of the ordinary resolution pertaining to the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority at the forthcoming 31ST AGM and will continue to be in force until:-
(i)	the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company following this 31ST AGM at which such resolution was passed; or at which time it will lapse, unless by an ordinary resolution passed at that meeting, the authority is renewed, either unconditionally or subject to conditions; or
(ii)	the expiration of the period within which the next AGM of the Company after that date is required by law to be held; or
(iii)	revoked or varied by an ordinary resolution passed by the Shareholders of the Company in a general meeting,
whichever occurs first. 
	2.2	Treatment of the Purchased Shares
The Board may deal with the Purchased Shares in the following manner:-
(i)	To cancel the Purchased Shares;
(ii)	To retain the Purchased Shares as Treasury Shares;
(iii)	To retain part of the Purchased Shares as Treasury Shares and cancel the remainder of the shares;
(iv)	To distribute all or part of the Treasury Shares as share dividends to Shareholders;
(v)	To resell all or part of the Treasury Shares on Bursa Securities in accordance with the Listing Requirements;
(vi)	To transfer all or part of the Treasury Shares as purchase consideration;
(vii)	To transfer the Treasury Shares for the purpose of or under an employees’ share scheme;
(viii)	To cancel all or part of the Treasury Shares;
(ix)	To see, transfer or otherwise use the Treasury Shares for such purposes as the Minister (as defined in the Act) may by order prescribe; and/ or
(x)	In any other manner as may be prescribed by applicable law and/or regulations and guidelines applied from time to time by Bursa Securities and/or any other relevant authority for the time being in force.
Immediate announcement(s) and notice(s) will be made to Bursa Securities and the relevant authorities in respect of the Board’s decision on the treatment of the Purchased Shares in compliance with the Listing Requirements and the Act.
In accordance with Section 127(8) of the Act, if such Purchased Shares were held as treasury shares, it shall not confer:-
(i)	the right to attend or vote at meetings and any purported exercise of such rights is void; and
(ii)	the right to receive dividends or other distribution, whether cash or otherwise, of the Company’s assets including any distribution of assets upon winding up the Company.
In accordance with Section 127(9) of the Act, if such Purchased Shares were held as treasury shares, the Treasury Shares shall not be taken into account in calculating the number or percentage of shares or of a class of shares in the Company for any purposes including, without limiting the generality of this provision, the provisions of any law or requirements of the Constitution or the Listing Requirements on substantial shareholding, takeovers, notices, the requisitioning of meetings, the quorum for meetings and the result of a vote on resolution(s) at meetings.
Nonetheless, Section 127(11) of the Act states that the Purchased Shares shall not be taken to prevent:-
(i)	an allotment of Shares as fully paid bonus shares in respect of the Treasury Shares; or
(ii)	the subdivision or consolidation of Treasury Shares.
	2.3	Source of Funds
The Board proposes that the maximum fund to be allocated by the Company for the purpose of purchasing its own shares shall not exceed the aggregate of the retained profits of the Company based on the latest audited financial statements and/or the latest unaudited financial statements of the Company (where applicable) available at the time of the purchase.
The retainedprofits of the Company based on the latest audited financial statements as at 31 January 2024 is RM587 million.
The Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority will allow the Board to exercise the rights of the Company to purchase its own shares at any time within the abovementioned time period using the internal funds and/or external borrowings of the Company. 
In the event external borrowings are required, the Board will ensure that the Company has sufficient financial capability to repay such borrowings and that the external borrowings are not expected to have any material adverse effects on the cash flow of the Company. In any event, the Board will ensure that the maximum funds to be used for the buy-back of YHB Shares shall not exceed the retained profits of the Company.
	2.4	Implication of the Code
The purchase of YHB Shares pursuant to the Proposed Renewal Share Buy-Back Authority will effectively cause the Shareholders’ percentage shareholdings in YHB to increase without any corresponding increase in the actual number of Shares held, assuming all other things being equal.
Pursuant to the Code, a person and/or any persons acting in concert with him (“PACs”) will be obliged to make a mandatory take-over offer when as a result of a buy-back scheme by the Company:-
(i)	a person obtains controls in a company;
(ii)	a person holding more than thirty-three percent (33%) but not more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares or voting rights of a company or increases his holding of the voting shares or voting rights of the company by more than two percent (2%) in any six (6) month period.
As at the LPD, the shareholdings of Lim Han Weng and PACs to Lim Han Weng are 28.05%.
Assuming the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is carried out in full and all the Purchased Shares are subsequently cancelled, resulting in the shareholdings of Lim Han Weng and his PACs being affected, Lim Han Weng and his PACs will be obliged to undertake mandatory offer for the remaining YHB Shares not held by them. However, an exemption may be granted by Securities Commission Malaysia under the Code, subject to complying with certain conditions.
Nevertheless, the Board will be mindful in the implementation of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority in a manner that will not result in any of the Shareholders having to undertake a mandatory take-over offer pursuant to the Code.
	2.5	Previous Purchases and Resale and/or Cancellations of Treasury Shares
As at LPD, YHB held a total of 157,332,500 treasury shares. During the past 12 months preceding the LPD, the Company did not purchase any of its own shares, resell, cancel and/or transfer any Treasury Shares. The Purchased Shares were retained as treasury shares.
	2.6	Public Shareholding Spread
The Proposed Share Buy-Back will be carried out in accordance with the prevailing law at the time of the purchase including compliance with 25% public shareholding spread in the hands of public shareholders as required under Paragraph 12.14 of the Listing Requirements.
As at the LPD, the public shareholding spread of the Company is 71.95%. In implementing the Proposed Share Buy-Back, the Company will ensure that the minimum public shareholding spread of 25% is complied with.
	3.	RATIONALE FOR THE PROPOSED RENEWAL OF SHARE BUY-BACK AUTHORITY
The rationale for the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is as follows:-
(i)	it allows the Company to have greater flexibility in managing its capital structure, while the Company shall endeavor to ensure dividends are prioritised as a form of returning capital to the Shareholders;
(ii)	it is an expedient and cost-efficient way for the Company to return surplus cash/funds, if any, which is in excess of the foreseeable financial and investment needs of the YHB Group to its Shareholders; 
(iii)	in any event, the Treasury Shares may also be distributed as share dividends to the Shareholders as a reward; and
(iv)	in managing the businesses of YHB Group, the management strives to increase Shareholders’ value by improving, inter-alia, the return on equity of the YHB Group. The Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is one way through which the return on equity of the YHB Group may be enhanced.
4. POTENTIAL ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF THE PROPOSED RENEWAL OF SHARE BUY-BACK AUTHORITY
	4.1	Potential Advantages
The potential advantages of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority are as follows:-
(i)	enables the Company to take preventive measures against speculative activities particularly when the Shares are undervalued which may in turn stabilise the market price and hence, enhance investors’ confidence;
(ii)	enables the Company to utilise its financial resources more efficiently especially where there is no immediate use. Any subsequent cancellation of the Purchased Shares may strengthen the consolidated EPS of the Group, which in turn have a positive impact on YHB’s share prices;
(iii)	provide the Company with opportunities for potential gains if the Treasury Shares are subsequently resold at prices higher than the purchase price; and
(iv)	the Treasury Shares may be distributed as share dividends to the Shareholders as a reward.
	4.2	Potential Disadvantages
The potential disadvantages/risk factors of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority are as follows:-
(i)	the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority, if implemented, will reduce the financial resources of YHB Group and consequently result in YHB Group foregoing investment opportunities that may arise in the future or any interest that may be derived from depositing such funds in interest bearing deposits; and
(ii)	as the funds to be allocated for the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority must be made out of YHB’s retained profits, the amount available from these accounts for distribution of dividend to YHB’s shareholders may decrease accordingly.
Nevertheless, the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is not expected to have any potential material disadvantages or major risk to the Company and its Shareholders as it will only be implemented after considering the interests of both the Company and its Shareholders.
The Board will be mindful of the interests of the Company and its Shareholders when undertaking the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority and in the subsequent resale of treasury shares on Bursa Securities, if any.
	5.	EFFECTS OF THE PROPOSED RENEWAL OF SHARE BUY-BACK AUTHORITY
The financial effects of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority on the share capital of the Company, NA, earnings and EPS, working capital and dividends of the YHB Group are as follows:-
	5.1	Share Capital
The effect of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority in respect of the total number of issued shares will depend on whether the Purchased Shares are cancelled or retained as Treasury Shares.
Assuming that the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is carried out in full (i.e. up to 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company) and all the Purchased Shares are subsequently cancelled, the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority will result in the issued share capital of the Company as at the LPD to be reduced as follows:-

If the Purchased Shares are retained as Treasury Shares, there will be no impact on the issued capital of YHB but the rights attaching to the Treasury Shares in relation to voting, dividends and participation in other distributions or otherwise will be suspended. 
	5.2	NA
The effect of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority on the NA per share of YHB is dependent on the purchase price(s) of YHB Shares. When the Company purchases its own Share, regardless of whether they are retained as Treasury Share or subsequently cancelled, if the purchase price is less than the audited NA per share of YHB at the time of purchase, the NA per share will increase. Conversely, if the purchase price exceeds the audited NA per share of YHB at the time of purchase, the NA per share will decrease.
	5.3	Earnings and EPS
The effect of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority on the EPS of YHB will depend on, inter-alia, the actual number of Purchased Shares and the effective cost of funding to YHB Group, or any loss in interest income to YHB or opportunity cost in relation to other investment opportunity if internally generated funds are utilised. However, the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority, if carried out, is not expected to have any material effect on the EPS of YHB for the FYE 31 January 2025.
	5.4	Working Capital
The Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority will reduce the working capital and cash flow available for the YHB Group. The quantum of the reduction of the working capital of YHB Group would depend on the purchase price(s) and number of Shares purchased as well as any associated costs incurred in relation to the share buy-back pursuant to the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority. However, it is not expected to have any material adverse effect on the working capital of the Company.
5.5	Dividends
The above Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is not expected to have any impact on dividend payments to the Shareholders, if any, as the Board will take into consideration the actual results of YHB Group, its cash reserves, capital commitment and future funding requirements before proposing any dividend payment. As stated in Section 3(iii) above, the Board may have the option to distribute future dividends in the form of Treasury Shares purchased pursuant to the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority. The Board is committed to maintaining a prudent approach, ensuring that dividend payments are aligned with the Group's financial performance and business needs.
If the Purchased Shares are cancelled, the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority will have the effect of increasing the dividend rate of the Company as a result of the reduction in the number of issued Shares.

8.	APPROVAL REQUIRED
The Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is subject to YHB Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming 31ST AGM to be convened.
The Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is not conditional upon any other corporate proposals undertaken or to be undertaken by YHB. 
9. INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND/OR 
PERSONS CONNECTED WITH THEM 
Save for the inadvertent increase in percentage of shareholdings and/ or voting rights of Shareholders as a result of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority, none of the Directors, major Shareholders and/or chief executive of YHB and/or persons connected with them, has any interests, direct and/or indirect, in the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority.
	10.	DIRECTORS’ RECOMMENDATION
The Board, after having considered all aspects of the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority, is of the opinion that the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority is in the best interest of the Company and accordingly, they recommend that you vote in favour of the ordinary resolution pertaining to the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority to be tabled at the forthcoming 31ST AGM.
	11.	AGM
The 31ST AGM, the notice of which is set out in the Notice of AGM contained in YHB’s Integrated Annual Report 2024, will be held at The Gardens Ballroom, Level 5, The Gardens Hotel & Residences, Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (“Main 
Venue”) and virtually by way of electronic means via the BSIP at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com (“Online Platform”) on Tuesday, 16 July 2024 at 10.30 a.m. or any adjournment thereof, for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, passing the ordinary resolution, with or without any modifications to give effect to the Proposed Renewal of Share Buy-Back Authority.
If you are unable to attend and vote at the 31ST AGM, you may appoint a proxy to attend and vote on your behalf by completing, signing and returning the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions contained therein as soon as possible and in any event so as to arrive at the office of the Company’s appointed Share Registrar for the 31ST AGM, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd. not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time set for holding the 31ST AGM or any adjournment thereof. The instrument appointing a proxy can also be electronically submitted to the appointed Share Registrar for the 31ST AGM via BSIP at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com before the cut-off time as mentioned above. Kindly refer to the Administrative Details for the 31ST AGM which are available on the Company’s website at www.yinson.com.
The completion and lodgement of the Form of Proxy will not preclude you from attending and voting at the forthcoming 31ST AGM should you subsequently wish to do so.

1.	DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
This Statement has been seen and approved by the Board and that they collectively and individually accept full responsibility for the accuracy of the information given in this Statement and confirm that, after making all reasonable enquiries, to the best of their knowledge and belief, there are no other facts, the omission of which would make any statement herein misleading.
2.	MATERIAL LITIGATION, CLAIMS AND ARBITRATION 
Save as disclosed below, as at the LPD, YHB Group is not engaged in any material litigation, claims or arbitration, either as plaintiff or defendant, which has a material effect on the financial position of YHB Group, and the Board is not aware of any proceedings, pending or threatened, against YHB Group or of any facts likely to give rise to any proceedings, which may materially or adversely affect the financial position or business of YHB Group:-
A petition by Rising Sun Energy (K) Private Limited (“RSEK”), a subsidiary of YHB Group held via YR Nokh Pte Ltd, against NTPC Limited (“NTPC”) and Chhattisgarh State Power Distribution Company Limited (“Chhattisgarh”) 
RSEK entered into a power purchase agreement dated 30 March 2021 (“the PPA”) with NTPC whereby RSEK was commissioned to develop a solar power generating system for the supply of power to Chhattisgarh. Due to various changes in law resulting in increase in the rate of goods and services tax and imposition of basic customs duty for which RSEK under the PPA is entitled to compensation, RSEK filed a petition dated 14 July 2022 to Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (“CERC”) at New Delhi, India, the mandated body to decide on such matter, seeking for an order for compensation amounting to Indian Rupee 3,557,805,223 (approximately RM187.0 million).
The first hearing before the CERC was heard on 15 December 2022 and NTPC and Chhattisgarh submitted their responses to CERC including details of the claim on 21 March 2023. Subsequently, NTPC, Chhattisgarh and RSEK had filed their written submissions on 14 January 2024, 19 February 2024 and 23 February 2024 respectively.
On 19 May 2024, CERC disposed the petition by RSEK vide an order stating among others, that RSEK is entitled to compensation on account of the change in law corresponding to the mutually agreed project capacity under the PPA and carrying cost from the date when the actual payment was made to the authorities to the date of issuance of the order. The parties are to carry out reconciliation of additional expenditure on account of the change in law along with carrying cost. 
3.	DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
Copies of the following documents will be made available for inspection at the registered office of YHB at Level 16, Menara South Point, Mid Valley City, Medan Syed Putra Selatan, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia during normal business hours on Mondays to Fridays (except public holidays) from the date of this Statement up to and including the date of the 31ST AGM:-
(i)	the Constitution;
(ii)	the audited financial statements of YHB for the past two (2) FYE 31 January 2023 and 31 January 2024; and 
(iii)	the cause paper in respect of the material litigation referred to in Section 2 of this Appendix I of Part A of this Statement

Details of the Proposed DRP (Section 2)
The Proposed DRP will provide Shareholders with an opportunity to reinvest their Dividend in New Shares instead of receiving it in cash.
The Board may, at its absolute discretion, determine whether to offer the Reinvestment Option to the Shareholders as and when a Dividend is declared and announced. In the event that the Reinvestment Option is applied, the Company will declare the size of the Electable Portion. If the Reinvestment Option is not exercised by the Shareholders in whole, any remaining portion of Dividend will be paid in cash.
In this respect, the Electable Portion may encompass the whole or part of the Dividend declared. In the event the Electable Portion is not applicable for the whole Dividend declared, the Non-Electable Portion will be paid in cash.
Shareholders should note that the Company is not obliged to undertake the Proposed DRP for each and every Dividend declared.
Unless the Board has determined that the Reinvestment Option will apply to a particular Dividend declared (whether in whole or in part), the Dividends as may be declared by YHB will be paid wholly in cash to Shareholders in the usual manner.
Election to reinvest Dividend in New Shares
Shareholders shall have the following options in respect of a Reinvestment Option announced by the Board under the Proposed DRP:-
(i)	to elect to participate in the Reinvestment Option by reinvesting the entire Electable Portion in New Shares at the Issue Price on the Price-Fixing Date and to receive the Non-Electable Portion in cash, if applicable;
(ii)	to elect to participate in the Reinvestment Option by reinvesting part of the Electable Portion in New Shares at the Issue Price and to receive the balance of the Electable Portion and Non-Electable Portion in cash, if applicable; or
(iii)	to elect not to participate in the Reinvestment Option and thereby receive the entire Dividend entitlement (both Electable Portion and Non-Electable Portion) wholly in cash.
Pricing of New Shares
The Issue Price, which will be determined and fixed by the Board at a later date after receipt of all relevant approvals on the Price-Fixing Date, shall be at an issue price of not more than a 10% discount to the 5-day VWAP of YHB Shares immediately prior to the Price-Fixing Date. For avoidance of doubt, the VWAP shall be adjusted ex-dividend before applying the aforementioned discount.
Ranking and listing of the New Shares
Any New Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed DRP will rank equally in all respects with the existing YHB Shares in issue, save and except that the holders of New Shares will not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other forms of distributions that may be declared, made or paid for which the entitlement date precedes the date of allotment and issuance of the New Shares.
Eligibility
The right to participate in the Proposed DRP will be granted to all Shareholders provided that such participation will not result in a breach of any restrictions applicable to such Shareholder’s holding of YHB Shares which may be imposed by any contractual obligations, statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia or any other relevant jurisdiction, as the case may be (unless the requisite approvals under the relevant statute, law or regulation or from the relevant authorities are first obtained or the relevant contractual obligation is otherwise waived in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts).
Maximum number of New Shares 
The maximum number of New Shares to be issued under the Proposed DRP will depend on, amongst others, the quantum of the Dividend, the Board’s decision on the proportion/size of the Electable Portion, the number of Shareholders who elect to reinvest the Electable Portion at the Issue Price and any necessary downward adjustment by the Board to the final number of New Shares to be allotted and issued to any of the Shareholders.

Rationale for the Proposed DRP (Section 3)
The establishment of the Proposed DRP is intended to:-
(i)	provide the Company with flexibility in managing its capital position as well as strengthen its capital position as any cash so retained within the Company, that would otherwise be made payable by way of Dividend, will be preserved as capital to fund working capital requirements of the Group; and
(ii)	provide the Shareholders with an opportunity to enhance and maximise the value of their shareholdings in the Company by investing in New Shares that may be issued at a discount to the prevailing market prices. Further, their subscription of such New Shares will be free from any brokerage fees and other related transaction costs (unless otherwise provided by any statute, law or regulation). However, the participating shareholders of the DRP are required to pay RM10.00 for stamp duty.


Interests of Directors, major shareholders, chief executive and/or persons connected (Section 9)
None of the Directors, major shareholders, chief executive of YHB and/or persons connected to them has any interest, either direct or indirect, in the Proposed DRP, beyond their respective entitlement as Shareholders under the Proposed DRP, of which all other Shareholders are similarly entitled to.  

Approvals required (Section 7)
The Proposed DRP is subject to the following approvals being obtained from:-
(i)	the Shareholders at the forthcoming 31ST AGM, for the establishment of the Proposed DRP and the issuance of New Shares arising from the Proposed DRP; and
(ii)	any other relevant authorities and/or parties, if required.
In respect of the implementation of the Proposed DRP for any future Dividend to which the Reinvestment Option applies, the issuance of the New Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Reinvestment Option by Shareholders is conditional upon approvals being obtained from the following:-
(i)	the Shareholders’ approval at the AGM on an annual basis. This is in addition to any general mandate pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act;
(ii)	Bursa Securities for the listing of and quotation for the New Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed DRP on the Main Market of Bursa Securities; and (iii) any other relevant authorities and/or parties, if required.

Directors’ statement/ recommendation (Section 10)
The Board, having considered all aspects of the Proposed DRP, including but not limited to the rationale and effects of the Proposed DRP, is of the opinion that the Proposed DRP is in the best interest of the Company and recommends that the Shareholders vote in favour of the ordinary resolution in relation to the Proposed DRP to be tabled at the forthcoming 31ST AGM.


PROPOSED DRP
 
	1.	INTRODUCTION
On 22 March 2024, AmInvestment Bank had, on behalf of the Board, announced that the 
Company is proposing to undertake the establishment of a DRP which will provide the Shareholders with an option to elect to reinvest in whole or in part, their Dividend in new YHB Shares.
On 22 March 2024, the Board had announced the final single tier dividend of 1 sen per ordinary share in respect of the FYE 31 January 2024. The Board has determined that the Proposed DRP, subject to the approvals set out in Section 7 of Part B of this Circular, will be applicable to the entire final single tier dividend which is subject to Shareholders’ approval being obtained in the 31ST AGM. In the event all the relevant approvals including the Shareholders’ approval for the Proposed DRP is not obtained, the final single tier dividend will be paid wholly in cash.
THE PURPOSE OF THIS CIRCULAR IS TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE RELEVANT INFORMATION ON THE PROPOSED DRP AND TO SET OUT THE VIEW AND RECOMMENDATION OF THE BOARD AS WELL AS TO SEEK THE APPROVAL FROM THE SHAREHOLDERS FOR THE RESOLUTION PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSED DRP TO BE TABLED AT THE FORTHCOMING 31ST AGM OF THE COMPANY. THE NOTICE OF THE FORTHCOMING 31ST AGM AND THE FORM OF PROXY ARE ENCLOSED TOGETHER WITH THE INTEGRATED ANNUAL REPORT 2024.
 
SHAREHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO READ AND CONSIDER CAREFULLY THE CONTENTS OF THIS CIRCULAR TOGETHER WITH THE APPENDICES CONTAINED HEREIN BEFORE VOTING ON THE RESOLUTION PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSED DRP TO BE TABLED AT THE FORTHCOMING 31ST AGM OF THE COMPANY.
	2.	DETAILS OF THE PROPOSED DRP
	2.1	Overview
The Proposed DRP will provide Shareholders with an opportunity to reinvest their Dividend in New Shares instead of receiving it in cash.
The Board may, at its absolute discretion, determine whether to offer the Reinvestment Option to the Shareholders as and when a Dividend is declared and announced. In the event that the Reinvestment Option is applied, the Company will declare the size of the Electable Portion. If the Reinvestment Option is not exercised by the Shareholders in whole, any remaining portion of Dividend will be paid in cash.
In this respect, the Electable Portion may encompass the whole or part of the Dividend declared. In the event the Electable Portion is not applicable for the whole Dividend declared, the Non-Electable Portion will be paid in cash.
Shareholders should note that the Company is not obliged to undertake the Proposed DRP for each and every Dividend declared.
Unless the Board has determined that the Reinvestment Option will apply to a particular Dividend declared (whether in whole or in part), the Dividends as may be declared by YHB will be paid wholly in cash to Shareholders in the usual manner.
	2.2	Election to reinvest Dividend in New Shares
Shareholders shall have the following options in respect of a Reinvestment Option announced by the Board under the Proposed DRP:-
(i)	to elect to participate in the Reinvestment Option by reinvesting the entire Electable Portion in New Shares at the Issue Price on the Price-Fixing Date and to receive the Non-Electable Portion in cash, if applicable;
(ii)	to elect to participate in the Reinvestment Option by reinvesting part of the Electable Portion in New Shares at the Issue Price and to receive the balance of the Electable Portion and Non-Electable Portion in cash, if applicable; or
(iii)	to elect not to participate in the Reinvestment Option and thereby receive the entire Dividend entitlement (both Electable Portion and Non-Electable Portion) wholly in cash.
The election to reinvest the Dividend in New Shares can be made via a Notice of Election 
(together with the DRF attached thereto) which will be despatched to Shareholders after the Entitlement Date. Instructions will be provided in the Notice of Election in respect of the action to be taken by Shareholders should they wish to exercise the Reinvestment Option. The Notice of Election will also state, amongst others, the Expiry Date. For further information on the administration of the Proposed DRP, please refer to Section 2.11 and Appendix I of Part B of this Circular.
Shareholders will receive the entire Dividend in cash if they do not expressly elect in writing to exercise the Reinvestment Option in accordance with the instructions set out in the Notice of Election. As such, Shareholders (who wish to receive their Dividend wholly in cash) need not take any action with regards to the Notice of Election.
The percentage shareholding of a Shareholder in YHB may be diluted should the Shareholder decide not to exercise the Reinvestment Option. However, the extent of the dilution will depend on the number of New Shares issued by YHB pursuant to the exercise level of the Reinvestment Option by the other Shareholders, which cannot be ascertained at this juncture.
	2.3	Pricing of New Shares
The Issue Price, which will be determined and fixed by the Board at a later date after receipt of all relevant approvals on the Price-Fixing Date, shall be at an issue price of not more than a 10% discount to the 5-day VWAP of YHB Shares immediately prior to the Price-Fixing Date. For avoidance of doubt, the VWAP shall be adjusted ex-dividend before applying the aforementioned discount. An illustration of the indicative Issue Price of the New Shares for the Proposed DRP is set out in Section 5 of Part B of this Circular.
The New Shares will be issued free of any brokerage fees and other related transaction costs to Shareholders (unless otherwise provided by any statute, law or regulation). However, the participating shareholders are required to pay RM10.00 for stamp duty.
For information, the Company will announce the Issue Price of the New Shares prior to the Company announcing its intention to fix the book closing date of the DRP.
	2.4	Ranking and listing of the New Shares
Any New Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed DRP will rank equally in all respects with the existing YHB Shares in issue, save and except that the holders of New Shares will not be entitled to any dividends, rights, allotments and/or other forms of distributions that may be declared, made or paid for which the entitlement date precedes the date of allotment and issuance of the New Shares.
Approval will be sought from Bursa Securities for the listing of and quotation for the New Shares on the Main Market of Bursa Securities pursuant to each Dividend to which the Reinvestment Option is made available by the Board. After receipt of said approval from Bursa Securities and other relevant authorities, where applicable, an announcement of the Entitlement Date in relation to a Dividend will be made.
The New Shares will be listed on the Main Market of Bursa Securities.
	2.5	Eligibility
The right to participate in the Proposed DRP will be granted to all Shareholders provided that such participation will not result in a breach of any restrictions applicable to such Shareholder’s holding of YHB Shares which may be imposed by any contractual obligations, statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia or any other relevant jurisdiction, as the case may be (unless the requisite approvals under the relevant statute, law or regulation or from the relevant authorities are first obtained or the relevant contractual obligation is otherwise waived in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts).
Overseas Shareholders should take note of the following:-
(i)	the Proposed DRP will only be offered for subscription in Malaysia. No action has been or will be taken to ensure that the Proposed DRP complies with the laws of any countries or jurisdictions other than the laws of Malaysia. Accordingly, the documents relating to the Proposed DRP including the Notice of Election will not be sent to Overseas Shareholders to avoid any violation on the part of YHB of any securities laws applicable outside Malaysia. No Overseas Shareholders shall have any claim whatsoever against the Company as a result of the documents relating to the Proposed DRP not being sent to Overseas Shareholders;
(ii)	Overseas Shareholders who wish to participate in the Proposed DRP are strongly advised to provide the Share Registrar of the Company with an address in Malaysia no later than 3 Market Days before the relevant Entitlement Date in respect of any particular Dividend to which the Proposed DRP applies; and
(iii)	Overseas Shareholders will be solely responsible for seeking advice as to the laws of any jurisdiction that they may be subjected to, and participation by Overseas Shareholders in the Proposed DRP will be on the basis that they may lawfully so participate without the Company, its Directors, employees and advisers being in breach of the laws of any jurisdiction.
	2.6	Odd lots and fractional Shares
Shareholders who exercise the Reinvestment Option may be allotted New Shares in odd lots depending on their entitlement of New Shares. Shareholders who receive odd lots of New Shares and who wish to trade such odd lots may do so via the odd lots market of Bursa Securities, which allows the trading of odd lots with a minimum of 1 YHB Share.
A Shareholder who does not wish to receive New Shares in odd lots may round down the number of New Shares elected such that the Shareholder will receive New Shares in multiples of, and not less than 100 New Shares. Where a Shareholder’s entitlement of New Shares is less than 100 Shares, the Shareholder can elect to receive the entire Dividend entitlement in cash in the usual manner or New Shares in odd lots.
Fractional New Shares will not be allotted. Any amount of a Dividend payment that is insufficient for the issuance of 1 whole New Share will be received in cash by Shareholders in the usual manner together with the Non-Electable Portion (if any).
	2.7	Maximum number of New Shares
The maximum number of New Shares to be issued under the Proposed DRP will depend on, amongst others, the quantum of the Dividend, the Board’s decision on the proportion/size of the Electable Portion, the number of Shareholders who elect to reinvest the Electable Portion at the Issue Price and any necessary downward adjustment by the Board to the final number of New Shares to be allotted and issued to any of the Shareholders as referred to in Section 4.2 of Part B of this Circular.
	2.8	Taxation
Irrespective of whether an election is made by Shareholders to exercise the Reinvestment Option, a tax voucher will be issued and despatched to all Shareholders. For income tax purposes, a Shareholder is regarded as having received a cash distribution equivalent to the amount of the Dividend declared, notwithstanding that the Shareholder may elect to exercise the Reinvestment Option (in whole or in part). Hence the election for the Reinvestment Option does not relieve a Shareholder from any income tax obligation (if applicable) and there is no tax advantage to be gained in exercising the Reinvestment Option or otherwise.
	2.9	Use of funds
The Proposed DRP will potentially result in cash retention for the Company if Shareholders elect to reinvest their Dividend in New Shares. The amount of cash reinvested into the Company arising from the Proposed DRP can only be ascertained on or after the relevant Expiry Date. Therefore, the time frame for the use of such cash proceeds can only be determined then. Nonetheless, the net cash proceeds from the Proposed DRP (after the deduction of any related expenses) may be utilised for working capital, repayment of borrowings and/or other requirements of the Group to be identified at the point when such funds are retained.
	2.10	Modification, suspension and termination
Subject to any requirement or provision imposed by any statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia, as the case may be, the Proposed DRP may be modified, suspended (in whole or in part) or terminated at any time by the Board as it deems fit or expedient by giving notice in such manner as the Board deems fit, notwithstanding any other provision or the terms and conditions of the Proposed DRP stating the contrary and irrespective of whether an election to exercise the Reinvestment Option has been made by a Shareholder.
In the event the Board decides to suspend (in whole or in part) or terminate the Proposed DRP in relation to the Electable Portion, Shareholders will receive the Electable Portion, in cash, in the usual manner.
	2.11	General
Shareholders’ approval for the Proposed DRP and the issuance of such number of New Shares pursuant to any Dividend to be declared which the Proposed DRP applies will be sought at the forthcoming 31ST AGM. Subsequent Shareholders’ approvals for future issuances of New Shares pursuant to the Proposed DRP will be sought at the AGM of YHB on an annual basis, where applicable.
For avoidance of doubt, the specific approval to be obtained from the Shareholders for the issuance of New Shares arising from the Proposed DRP is separate from and in addition to the general mandate to issue and allot new YHB Shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act (i.e. where YHB Shares to be issued shall not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company) where the Shareholders’ approval is sought at the AGM of YHB on an annual basis.
Amendments to the Constitution of YHB are not required under the Proposed DRP as neither the Constitution of YHB nor the Act prohibits the implementation of any dividend reinvestment plan.
In addition, the Company shall transfer funds amounting to the total net Dividend (after deduction of any applicable income tax) from its account to the Dividend Payment Account held in trust for the Shareholders.
In accordance with Paragraph 6.09 of the Listing Requirements, the Company will, within 8 Market Days from the Expiry Date or such date as may be prescribed by Bursa Securities, allot and issue the New Shares and despatch notices of allotment to the Shareholders (who exercise the Reinvestment Option) (“Allotment Date”).
Further, in accordance with Paragraphs 8.26(2) and 9.19(2)(a)(ii) of the Listing Requirements, a cash dividend must be paid within 1 month from the Entitlement Date and in any event, within 3 months from the date of the declaration of the dividend or the date on which the approval is obtained in a general meeting of the Company, whichever is applicable. For avoidance of doubt, Dividend for the Shareholders who do not exercise their Reinvestment Option will also be paid concurrently on the Allotment Date, in cash, in the usual manner.
An announcement in respect of the date on which the New Shares will be listed and quoted on the Main Market of Bursa Securities will also be released by the Company accordingly.
	3.	RATIONALE FOR THE PROPOSED DRP
The establishment of the Proposed DRP is intended to:-
(i)	provide the Company with flexibility in managing its capital position as well as strengthen its capital position as any cash so retained within the Company, that would otherwise be made payable by way of Dividend, will be preserved as capital to fund working capital requirements of the Group; and
(ii)	provide the Shareholders with an opportunity to enhance and maximise the value of their shareholdings in the Company by investing in New Shares that may be issued at a discount to the prevailing market prices. Further, their subscription of such New Shares will be free from any brokerage fees and other related transaction costs (unless otherwise provided by any statute, law or regulation). However, the participating shareholders of the DRP are required to pay RM10.00 for stamp duty.
Nonetheless, the Company wishes to highlight that the Proposed DRP provides the Shareholders with the option, and does not impose any obligation on them, to reinvest their Dividend, in whole or in part, in New Shares.
	4.	IMPLICATIONS OF THE RULES AND OTHER SHAREHOLDING LIMITS
	4.1	The Rules
Under Paragraph 4.01, Part B of the Rules and Sections 217 and 218 of the CMSA, a 
Shareholder may be under an obligation to extend a take-over offer for the remaining YHB Shares not already owned by him/her and persons acting in concert with him/her (collectively, the “Affected Party”), if:-
(i)	by participating in the Proposed DRP in relation to the reinvestment of the Electable Portion, the Affected Party has obtained control via the acquisition or holding of, or entitlement to exercise or control the exercise of voting shares or voting rights of 33% or more of the Company or such other amount as may be prescribed in the Rules, however effected; or
(ii)	the Affected Party holds more than 33% but not more than 50% of the voting shares or voting rights of the Company and acquires, including by participating in the Proposed DRP in relation to any Electable Portion, more than 2% of the voting shares or voting rights of the Company in any 6-month period.
Thereafter, in the event an obligation to undertake a mandatory offer is expected to arise resulting from a Shareholder’s participation in the Proposed DRP, the Affected Party may wish to consult his/her professional advisers in relation to:-
(i)	any obligation to make a take-over offer under the Rules as a result of any subscription of New Shares through his/her participation in the Proposed DRP; and
(ii)	whether or not to make an application to the Securities Commission Malaysia to obtain an exemption from undertaking a mandatory offer pursuant to the Rules prior to exercising his/her Reinvestment Option.
	4.2	Other shareholding limits
Shareholders are responsible for ensuring that their participation will not result in a breach of any restrictions applicable to such Shareholder’s holding of YHB Shares which may be imposed by any contractual obligations, statute, law or regulation in force in Malaysia or any other relevant jurisdiction, as the case may be (unless the requisite approvals under the relevant statute, law or regulation or from the relevant authorities are first obtained or the relevant contractual obligation is otherwise waived in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant contracts).
The Board shall be entitled but not obligated to reduce or limit the number of New Shares to be issued to any Shareholder should the Board be aware or be informed in writing of any expected breach of such shareholding limits as a result of the exercise of the Reinvestment Option by such Shareholder, in which case the Board reserves the right to pay the remaining portion of the Electable Portion in cash.
The statements herein do not purport to be a comprehensive or exhaustive description of all the relevant provisions of, or all implications that may arise under, the Rules or other relevant legislation or regulations. Shareholders who are in doubt as to whether they would incur any obligation to make a take-over offer under the Rules as a result of any subscription of New Shares through their participation in the Proposed DRP are advised to consult their professional advisers at the earliest opportunity.
	5.	EFFECTS OF THE PROPOSED DRP
The effects of the Proposed DRP are dependent on several factors, which include, amongst others, the quantum of the Dividend, the Board’s decision on the proportion/size of the Electable Portion, the extent to which Shareholders elect to reinvest the Electable Portion, the Issue Price and any necessary downward adjustment by the Board to the final number of New Shares to be allotted and issued to Shareholder as referred to in Section 4.2 of Part B of this Circular.
For illustrative purposes only, throughout Section 5 of Part B of this Circular, the number of New Shares that the Company could potentially issue pursuant to the Proposed DRP is based on the following parameters/assumptions:-
(i)	the dividend of 1 sen as set out in Section 1 of Part B of this Circular;
(ii)	the Board determines that the Reinvestment Option applies to the entire dividend;
(iii)	all the Shareholders elect to participate in the Proposed DRP and choose to receive the dividend wholly in New Shares; and
(iv)	the following scenarios:-
5.1	Issued share capital
The Proposed DRP will not have any effect on the issued share capital of YHB until such time New Shares are issued pursuant to the Proposed DRP. The issued share capital of YHB will increase progressively pursuant to any exercise by Shareholders of the Reinvestment Option whenever the Reinvestment Option is made available by the Board.
For illustrative purposes, the pro forma effects of the Proposed DRP on the issued share capital of YHB are set out below:-





5.4	Substantial shareholders’ shareholding
The Proposed DRP is not expected to have any immediate effect on the substantial shareholders’ shareholding until such time as and when the Reinvestment Option pursuant to the Proposed DRP is exercised. The shareholding percentage of YHB’s substantial shareholders will not be affected if all Shareholders fully exercise their respective Electable Portion. However, where substantial shareholders elect to reinvest their Electable Portion in full and some or all of the other Shareholders do not elect to reinvest their Electable Portion or elect to reinvest only part of their Electable Portion, the substantial shareholders’ shareholdings in the Company will increase, and vice versa.
5.5	Convertible securities
As at the LPD, the Company has the following convertible securities:-
(i)	361,752,954 outstanding Warrants which are yet to be exercised;
(ii)	8,674,112 outstanding ESOS Options which are yet to be exercised; and
(iii)	9,132,803 RSU, of which 6,528,771 will be settled by YHB Shares and 2,604,032 will be settled by cash, all of which are yet to be exercised and/or vested.
Save for the above, the Company does not have any other convertible securities in issue as at the LPD. For information, the Proposed DRP will not result in any adjustments to the Warrants, ESOS Options and RSU.
6.	HISTORICAL SHARE PRICES
The monthly highest and lowest prices of the Shares traded on Bursa Securities for the last twelve (12) months from May 2023 to April 2024 are as follows:-

7.	APPROVALS REQUIRED
The Proposed DRP is subject to the following approvals being obtained from:-
(i)	the Shareholders at the forthcoming 31ST AGM, for the establishment of the Proposed DRP and the issuance of New Shares arising from the Proposed DRP; and
(ii)	any other relevant authorities and/or parties, if required.
Compliance with Section 85 of the Act
Section 85(1) of the Act states that:-
“Subject to the constitution, where a company issues shares which rank equally to existing shares as to voting or distribution rights, those shares shall first be offered to the holders of existing shares in a manner which would, if the offer were accepted, maintain the relative voting and distribution rights of those shareholders”.
Clause 13(G) of the Constitution states that:-
“Subject to any direction to the contrary that may be given by the Company in General Meeting, all new shares or other convertible Securities shall, before issue, be offered to such persons as at the date of the offer are entitled to receive notices from the Company of General Meetings in proportion as nearly as the circumstances admit, to the amount of the existing shares or Securities to which they are entitled. The offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares or Securities offered, and limiting a time within which the offer, if not accepted, will be deemed to be declined, and, after the expiration of that time, or on the receipt of an intimation from the person to whom the offer is made that he declines to accept the shares or Securities offered, the Directors may dispose of those shares or Securities in such manner as they think most beneficial to the Company. The Directors may likewise also dispose of any new share or Security which (by reason of the ratio which the new shares or Securities bear to shares or Securities held by persons entitled to an offer of new shares or Securities) cannot, in the opinion of the Directors, be conveniently offered under this Constitution.”
By the Shareholders approving the issuance and allotment of the new YHB Shares in the Company pursuant to the Proposed DRP which will rank equally with the existing issued shares in the Company, this amounts to a disapplication of pre-emptive rights pursuant to Section 85(1) of the Act and Clause 13(G) of the Constitution to be first offered the YHB Shares which will result in a dilution to their shareholding percentage in the Company.
In respect of the implementation of the Proposed DRP for any future Dividends to which the Reinvestment Option applies, the issuance of the New Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of the Reinvestment Option by Shareholders is conditional upon approvals being obtained from the following:-
(i)	the Shareholders’ approval at the AGM on an annual basis. This is in addition to any general mandate pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Act;
(ii)	Bursa Securities for the listing of and quotation for the New Shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposed DRP on the Main Market of Bursa Securities and subject to the following conditions:-


(a)	YHB and AmInvestment Bank must fully comply with the To be complied relevant provisions under the Listing Requirements pertaining to the implementation of the Proposed DRP;
(b)	YHB and AmInvestment Bank to inform Bursa Securities upon completion of the Proposed DRP;
(c)	AmInvestment Bank to furnish Bursa Securities with a written confirmation of its compliance with the terms and conditions of Bursa Securities’ approval once the Proposed DRP is completed; and
(d)	Payment of additional listing fee, if any, based on the final issue price together with a copy of the details of the computation of the amount of listing fees payable.

(iii)	any other relevant authorities and/or parties, if required.

The voting on the resolution pertaining to the Proposed DRP at the forthcoming 31ST AGM will be taken on a poll.

8.	CORPORATE PROPOSALS ANNOUNCED BUT PENDING COMPLETION
Save for the Proposed DRP, there are no other outstanding corporate proposals announced by us but pending completion prior to the date of this Circular.
The Proposed DRP is not conditional upon any other corporate proposals undertaken or to be undertaken by the Company.


9. INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND/OR 
PERSONS CONNECTED
None of the directors, major shareholders and chief executive of YHB and/or persons connected to them has any interest, either direct or indirect, in the Proposed DRP, beyond their respective entitlement as Shareholders under the Proposed DRP, to which all other Shareholders are similarly entitled to.
10.	DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT/RECOMMENDATION
The Board, having considered all aspects of the Proposed DRP, including but not limited to the rationale and effects of the Proposed DRP, is of the opinion that the Proposed DRP is in the best interest of the Company and recommends that the Shareholders vote in favour of the ordinary resolution in relation to the Proposed DRP to be tabled at the forthcoming 31ST AGM.
11.	ESTIMATED TIMEFRAME FOR COMPLETION AND TENTATIVE TIMETABLE FOR 
IMPLEMENTATION
Barring any unforeseen circumstances and subject to obtaining all the required approvals, the Proposed DRP is expected to be ready for implementation by the 3rd quarter of 2024.
[THE REST OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
12.	AGM
The 31ST AGM, the notice of which is enclosed in the YHB’s Integrated Annual Report 2024, will be held at The Gardens Ballroom, Level 5, The Gardens Hotel & Residences, Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (“Main Venue”) and virtually by way of electronic means via the BSIP at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com (“Online Platform”) on Tuesday, 16 July 2024 at 10.30 a.m. or any adjournment thereof, for the purpose of considering and, if thought fit, passing the ordinary resolution, with or without any modifications to give effect to the Proposed DRP. An extract of the notice of the 31ST AGM is enclosed in Appendix III of Part B of this Circular.
If you are unable to attend and vote at the 31ST AGM, you may appoint a proxy to attend and vote on your behalf by completing, signing and returning the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions contained therein as soon as possible and in any event so as to arrive at the 
office of the Company’s appointed Share Registrar for the 31st AGM, Boardroom Share Registrars Sdn. Bhd. not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time set for holding the 31ST AGM or any adjournment thereof. The instrument appointing a proxy can also be electronically submitted to the appointed Share Registrar for the 31ST AGM via BSIP at https://investor.boardroomlimited.com before the cut-off time as mentioned above. Kindly refer to the Administrative Details for the 31ST AGM which are available on the Company’s website at www.yinson.com.
The completion and lodgement of the Form of Proxy will not preclude you from attending and voting at the forthcoming 31ST AGM should you subsequently wish to do so.



PROPOSED RENEWAL OF SHAREHOLDERS’ MANDATE FOR RECURRENT RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF A REVENUE OR TRADING NATURE 
PROPOSED NEW SHAREHOLDERS’ MANDATE FOR ADDITIONAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS OF A REVENUE OR TRADING NATURE 

The Company had at its 21st Annual General Meeting held on 31 July 2014 obtained the Shareholders’ Mandate for the Company and its subsidiaries to enter into Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature and are carried out in the ordinary course of business and on normal commercial terms that are not more favorable to the Related Parties than those generally available to the public.   
 
The said Mandate for the Recurrent Related Party Transactions of a Revenue or Trading Nature shall, in accordance with the Listing Requirements, lapse at the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM unless authority for the renewal is obtained from the shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming AGM which will be held immediately after the conclusion of the said forthcoming AGM.  
 
The Board of Directors of YINSON had on 26 May 2015 announced to the BURSA SECURITIES that the Company proposes to undertake and seek approval from its shareholders at the Company’s forthcoming AGM which will be held on 23 July 2015 the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate in accordance with the abovesaid Listing Requirements and Practice Note 12. 
 
The purpose of this Circular is to provide the shareholders of YINSON with relevant details of the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate and to seek your approval for the resolution pertaining to the said Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate to be tabled at the forthcoming AGM, notice whereof is set out in the Annual Report 2015. 
 
The Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate will take effect from the date of passing the Ordinary Resolution at the forthcoming AGM until :- 
 
(a)	the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of YINSON following the general meeting at which such Shareholders’ Mandate was passed at which time it will lapse, unless by a resolution passed at the general meeting, the authority is renewed; 
 
(b)	the expiration of the period within which the next annual general meeting is required to be held 
pursuant to Section 143(1) of the Companies Act, 1965 (the “Act”) in Malaysia (but shall not extend to such extension as may be allowed pursuant to Section 143 (2) of the Act); or 
 
(c)	revoked or varied by resolution passed by the shareholders in a general meeting,  
 
whichever occurs first. 
 
The Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate shall apply in respect of the RRPT to be entered into from the date of the forthcoming AGM to the date of the expiry as set above, whichever is applicable. Approval from shareholders will be sought for the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate at the next Annual General Meeting and at each subsequent Annual General Meeting of the Company, subject to satisfactory review by the Audit Committee of the Company of its continued application to the General Transactions. 
 
The Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate is intended to facilitate transactions of a revenue or trading nature in the normal course of business which are necessary for the day-to-day operations of the YINSON Group which are transacted at anytime and from time to time with the Interested Parties, provided that they are carried out at arm’s length and on YINSON’s normal commercial terms and are not prejudicial to the minority shareholders and on terms not more favourable to the Interested Parties than those generally available to the public and are not to the detriment of the minority shareholders. 
 
 
2.0 	SHAREHOLDERS’ MANDATE  
 
The principal activities of the Company are investment holding whilst the principal activities and details of YINSON’s subsidiaries are as follows : 

In this regards, the YINSON Group is expected to enter into such transactions with the above companies which are currently subsidiaries companies of YINSON. 
 
The Board of Directors of YINSON hereby seeks the approval from the shareholders for recurrent transactions of revenue or trading nature, which are necessary for its day-to-day operations to be entered into by the YINSON Group with the interested parties. 
 
3.0 	THE GENERAL TRANSACTIONS  
 
It is anticipated that the YINSON Group would, in the ordinary course of business, enter into transactions with the related parties as set out below. It is likely that such transactions will occur with some degree of frequency and could arise at any time. 
 
	3.1 	Parties to the General Transactions 
 
The parties to the General Transactions are as follows: 
 
•	Yinson Power Marine Sdn. Bhd., a 65% subsidiary of which Mr. Lim Han Weng and Madam Bah Kim Lian who are substantial shareholders of YINSON are directors, 
 
•	Yinson Indah Limited, a 60% subsidiary of which Mr. Lim Han Weng and Madam Bah Kim Lian who are substantial shareholders of YINSON are directors, 
 
•	Yinson Energy Sdn. Bhd., a 30% associate of which Mr. Lim Han Weng and Madam Bah Kim Lian who are substantial shareholders of YINSON are directors and the balance of 70% is held by Dato’ Mohamed Sabri Bin Mohamed Zain, 
 
•	Regulus Offshore Sdn. Bhd., a 49% associate of which Mr. Lim Han Weng and Madam Bah Kim Lian who are substantial shareholders of YINSON are directors and the balance of 51% is held by Mat Sin Bin Bidin, and 
 
•	Yinson Tyres Sdn. Bhd., Kargo Indera Sdn. Bhd., Liannex Corporation (S) Pte. Ltd., Handal Indah Sdn. Bhd., Handal Ceria Sdn. Bhd., Triton Commuter Sdn. Bhd. and Liannex Corporation Sdn. Bhd., are companies substantially owned by Directors of YINSON as tabulated below : 


3.2 	Nature of the RRPT 
 
The details of the RRPT and their estimated values for which approval is being sought at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to the Proposed Shareholders 
Mandate are set out as follows:- 
 
	I. 	Proposed Renewal of Shareholders’ Mandate 

 
	II. 	Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate 
 
Additional Recurrent Transactions to be entered into by YINSON Group with Related Party for which the Proposed New Shareholders’ Mandate is sought is as follows:-  

III. 	Amount Due and Owing Under Recurrent Transactions by Related Parties 
 
As at 31 January 2015, there are no trade receivables due and owing by related parties under the recurrent transactions which exceeded the credit terms. 
 
 
3.3 	Review Procedures for RRPT 
 
The YINSON Group has implemented the following procedures and guidelines to monitor the RRPT and ensure that the RRPT are undertaken on transaction prices on an arm’s length basis and on normal commercial terms consistent with YINSON’s usual business practices and policies, which are not more favourable to the Interested Parties than those extended to third parties or public and are not to the detriment of the minority shareholders.  
 
The review and disclosure policies are as follows: 
(i)	Records are maintained by the Company for Audit Committee’s review in order to capture all RRPT pursuant to the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate. 
 
(ii)	The annual internal audit plan shall incorporate a review of all RRPT entered into pursuant to the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate to ensure the relevant approvals have been obtained and review procedures in respect of such transactions are being adhered to. 
 
(iii)	The Audit Committee shall review the internal audit reports to ascertain that the guidelines and procedures established to monitor RRPT are being complied with. 
 
(iv)	The Board and the Audit Committee shall have overall responsibility for the determination of the review procedures with authority to sub-delegate to individuals or committee within the Company as they deem appropriate.  If a member of the Board or Audit Committee has an interest as the case may be, he will abstain from any decision making by the Board and the Audit Committee respectively in respect of the said transaction. 
 
(v)	The prices, terms and conditions of the related party transactions are based on market rates and availability of amount or resources and under similar commercial terms for transactions with third parties, business practices and policies.  Wherever practical and/or feasible, at least two (2) other comparable transactions with unrelated third parties for similar product or services and/or quantities will be used as comparison to determine whether the price and terms offered to/by the related parties are fair and reasonable and comparable to those offered to/by other unrelated third parties for the same or substantially similar type of product or services and/or quantities.  In the event that quotation or comparative pricing from unrelated third parties cannot be obtained (for instance if there are no unrelated third party vendors/customers of a similar products or services, or if the product/service is a proprietary item), the transaction price will be determined in accordance with the Group’s usual business practices and policies, which are on terms not more favourable to the related parties than those extended to unrelated third parties/public and not to the detriment of minority shareholders of the Company.  
 
(vi)	Disclosure will be made in the Company’s annual reports or the Group’s audited financial statements of the actual aggregate value of RRPT conducted pursuant to the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate during the financial year, based on the following information, and for as long as the shareholders’ mandate is in force: 
 
a.	The type of RRPT made; and  
 
b.	the names of the related parties involved in each type of the RRPT and their relationship with the Company. 
 
(vii)	All RRPT within the Group will be reviewed by the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.  Any member of the Audit Committee may if he deems fit, request for more information pertaining to the RRPT from independent source or advisers.  Where RRPT is estimated to exceed the percentage ratio of 1% or RM1 million in value, whichever is higher, the RRPT will be reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee.  Where the RRPT is below the above threshold, the RRPT can be reviewed and approved by any two non-interested personnel (comprising any one of the Directors and any one of the Senior Management) and thereafter, perused by the Audit Committee quarterly. 
 
(viii)	Pursuant to Paragraph 10.09 of the Listing Requirements, in a meeting to obtain shareholder mandate, the interested director, interested major shareholder or interested person connected with a director or major shareholder; and where it involves the interest of an interested person connected with a director or major shareholder, such director or major shareholder, must not vote on the resolution to approve the transactions. An interested director or interested major shareholder must ensure that persons connected with him abstain from voting on the resolution approving the transactions. 
 
3.4 	Audit Committee Statement 
The Audit Committee of the Company has reviewed the terms of the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate as set out in Section 3.3 above and is satisfied that the review procedures are sufficient to ensure that RRPT will be carried out on an arm’s length basis, on normal commercial terms and on terms which are not more favourable to the related parties than those that are generally available to the public and not to the detriment of the minority shareholders.  
 
The Audit Committee is also of the view that the Group has in place adequate procedures and processes to monitor, track and identify RRPT in a timely and orderly manner and such procedures and processes are being reviewed as and when required.  The review of these procedures and processes was and will continue to be carried out during the Audit Committee meetings held quarterly or at such frequency as the Audit Committee considers appropriate having regard to the value and the frequency of the RRPT 
 
The Audit Committee shall also have the discretion to request for additional limits to be allowed or for additional procedures to be followed if it considers such request to be appropriate.  In that event, such additional limits or procedures may be implemented without the approval of shareholders, provided that they are more stringent than any existing limits or procedures. The Audit Committee shall have the discretion to request for additional information pertaining to the RRPT from independent sources or advisers.   
 
As at LPD, the Audit Committee comprises the following members:- 
 
1.	Dato’ Ir. Adi Azmari bin B.K. Koya Moideen Kutty  
   Independent Non-Executive Director, Chairman 
 
2.	Mr. Kam Chai Hong  
   Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
3.	Tuan Haji Hassan bin Ibrahim    Independent Non-Executive Director 
 
All the members of the Audit Committee do not have any interest, direct or indirect in the Proposed Shareholders' Mandates. 
 
3.5 	Rationale for and Benefits of the General Transactions 
 
The RRPT are in the ordinary course of YINSON Group’s business and are on terms not more favourable to the Interested Parties than those generally available to the public.  
 
The followings are the benefit for the RRPT with the following Interested Parties: 
 
(i)	Yinson Tyres Sdn. Bhd. 
 
Yinson Tyres Sdn. Bhd. provides prompt, reliable services and supply of tyres at a reasonable price to YINSON Group. This is possible due to close proximity of Yinson Tyres Sdn. Bhd., which is a tenant of YINSON Group and it is a tyres dealer. YINSON Group is involved in providing transportation services which requires continuous and consistent servicing of vehicles tyres and being an end user, tyres suppliers do not allow YINSON Group to act as a dealer. 
 
(ii)	Kargo Indera Sdn. Bhd. and Waja Securites Sdn. Bhd. 
 
YINSON Group benefits through provision of transportation services to the above companies which help to boost its transport revenue. 
 
(iii)	Liannex Corporation (S) Pte. Ltd. 
 
YINSON Group has established long term good business relationship with the above company. YINSON Group benefits through provision of transportation and barge services to the above company. 
 
Peculiar to the scrap metal industry, purchases of scrap metal, steel bars and coal are based on cash term.  In this instance, Liannex Corporation (S) Pte. Ltd. shall source and finance the purchases of these materials for YINSON Group.  Purchases from Liannex Corporation (S) Pte. Ltd. are on credit terms of 60 days.  YINSON Group shall benefits from this arrangement through the credit period. 
 
(iv)	Handal Indah Sdn. Bhd., Handal Ceria Sdn. Bhd., Triton Commuter Sdn. Bhd. or Liannex Corporation Sdn. Bhd. 
 
YINSON Group benefits from the above companies through sales of transportation services and lubricant which help to boost the Group’s transport and lubricant turnover. 
 
(v)	Regulus Offshore Sdn. Bhd. 
 
YINSON Group engages the above company to provide vessel management services to complement and support its offshore support vessel leasing business.  
 
(vi)	Yinson Power Marine Sdn. Bhd. 	 
 
YINSON Group benefits from the above company as its barge services augment the Group range of logistic services and help to boost the Group’s turnover. 
 
(vii)	Yinson Indah Limited 	 
 
YINSON Group charters offshore supply vessel from the above company to supplement its marine transport business. YINSON Group benefits through provision of marine transportation services to the above company which help to boost the Group’s marine transport revenue and profitability. 
 
The YINSON Group would like to seek approval for the General Transactions as the close cooperation between the YINSON Group and the Interested Parties have reaped mutual benefits and have been and is expected to continue to be of benefits to the business of the YINSON Group. 
 
The renewal of the Shareholders’ Mandate on annual basis will enhance the ability of the companies in YINSON Group to pursue business opportunities, which are time-sensitive in nature and will eliminate the need for the Company to announce and convene separate general meetings on each occasion to seek shareholders prior approval for the entry by YINSON Group into such transactions. This will substantially reduce the expenses associated with the convening of general meetings on an ad hoc basis, improve administrative efficiency and allow human resources and time to be channeled towards attaining corporate objectives. 
 
  
4.0 	FINANCIAL EFFECT ON THE PROPOSED RENEWAL AND PROPOSED NEW SHAREHOLDERS’ MANDATE 
 
The Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate will not have any material effect on the earnings per share and net assets per share of the Group level, issued and paid-up share capital, substantial shareholdings and dividend rate for the financial year ending 31 January 2015. 
 
5.0 	DIRECTORS’ AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS 


The Interested Directors, namely Mr. Lim Han Weng, Madam Bah Kim Lian, Mr. Lim Han Joeh, Mr. Bah Koon Chye and Mr. Lim Chern Yuan have abstained and will continue to abstain from the board deliberations and voting on the Ordinary Resolution approving the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate. The Interested Directors will also abstain from voting in respect of their direct and indirect shareholdings in the Proposed of Shareholders’ mandate to be tabled at the forthcoming AGM. The abovementioned Interested Directors have undertaken to ensure that persons connected to them will abstain from voting on the Proposed of Shareholders' Mandate in respect of their direct and indirect shareholding in the Company. 
 
Save as disclosed above, none of the other directors, major shareholders and/or persons connected to them as defined in the Listing Requirements have any interest, direct or indirect, in the Proposed Shareholders' Mandate.  
 

6.0 	DIRECTORS’ RECOMMENDATION 
 
All your Directors, except for Mr. Lim Han Weng, Madam Bah Kim Lian, Mr. Lim Han Joeh, Mr. Bah Koon Chye and Mr. Lim Chern Yuan, after careful deliberation on the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate are of the opinion that the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate are in the best interests of the Company. Accordingly, your Directors (except for Mr. Lim Han Weng, Madam Bah Kim Lian, Mr. Lim Han Joeh, Mr. Bah Koon Chye and Mr. Lim Chern Yuan) recommend that you vote in favour of the resolutions pertaining to the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate to be tabled at the forthcoming AGM.  
 
7.0 	ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
 
The notice of the AGM that contains the resolutions in respect of the Proposed Shareholders’ Mandate has been incorporated into the 2015 Annual Report that is circulated to you together with this Circular. 
 
If you are unable to attend and vote in person at the AGM, you are requested to complete, sign and return the Proxy Form enclosed in the 2015 Annual Report in accordance with the instructions contained therein so as to arrive at the Registered Office of the Company at No. 25, Jalan Firma Dua, Kawasan Perindustrian Tebrau IV, 81100 Johor Bahru, Johor Darul Takzim not later than fortyeight (48) hours before the time for holding the meeting or any adjournment thereof.


PROPOSED ACQUISITION OF THE ENTIRE EQUITY INTEREST IN AFPS B.V. (“AFPS”) BY YINSON BOUVARDIA HOLDINGS PTE. LTD., AN INDIRECT WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF YINSON HOLDINGS BERHAD FROM ATLANTA FIELD B.V. BY WAY OF EXERCISING THE CALL OPTION GRANTED PURSUANT TO THE CALL OPTION AGREEMENT DATED 21 FEBRUARY 2022 (“CALL OPTION AGREEMENT”) FOR A PURCHASE CONSIDERATION (AS DEFINED HEREIN) EQUIVALENT TO THE OPTION PRICE (AS DEFINED HEREIN) (“PROPOSED ACQUISITION”). THE TOTAL MAXIMUM COSTS FOR THE EXERCISE OF THE CALL OPTION IS ESTIMATED TO BE USD434.7 MILLION (EQUIVALENT TO RM2,006.4 MILLION) (COMPRISING OPTION PRICE OF USD87.9 MILLION (EQUIVALENT TO RM405.7 MILLION) AND USD346.8 MILLION (EQUIVALENT TO RM1,600.7 MILLION) CALL GRANTOR LOAN TO BE DRAWNDOWN BY AFPS), SUBJECT TO ADJUSTMENTS AS DETAILED IN SECTION 2.5 OF THIS CIRCULAR


On 2 June 2023, AmInvestment Bank had, on behalf of the Board announced that the Company proposes to undertake the proposed acquisition of the entire equity interest in AFPS by YBHPL from AFBV by way of exercising the Call Option granted pursuant to the Call Option Agreement, which was announced on 22 February 2022, for a purchase consideration equivalent to the Option Price.
Following the Proposed Acquisition, AFPS will be an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, via its indirect holding of equity interest in YBHPL.
THE PURPOSE OF THIS CIRCULAR IS TO PROVIDE YOU WITH THE RELEVANT INFORMATION ON THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION AND TO SEEK YOUR APPROVAL FOR THE RESOLUTION PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION TO BE TABLED AT THE 
FORTHCOMING EGM. THE NOTICE OF THE EGM TOGETHER WITH THE FORM OF PROXY ARE ENCLOSED IN THIS CIRCULAR.
 
YOU ARE ADVISED TO READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE CONTENTS OF THIS CIRCULAR TOGETHER WITH ITS APPENDICES, BEFORE VOTING BY WAY OF POLL ON THE ORDINARY RESOLUTION PERTAINING TO THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION TO BE TABLED AT THE FORTHCOMING EGM.
2	DETAILS OF THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION
2.1	Background information on the Proposed Acquisition
On 21 February 2022, the AFBV, YBHPL and AFPS entered into a Call Option Agreement, whereby AFBV irrevocably and unconditionally granted the option to puchase all of the shares in the capital of AFPS consisting of one share with a par value of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.62) to YBHPL on the terms and conditions set out in the Call Option Agreement. The initial option period is between 400 to 465 days after 21 February 2022 (inclusive) during which the Call Option can be exercised by the Holder, i.e. between 28 March 2023 to 1 June 2023. The option period has currently been further extended via a letter of extension dated 26 May 2023 to 14 July 2023.
Following the exercise of the Call Option by YBHPL, YBHPL will acquire the Sale Shares for the Purchase Consideration, free from encumbrances, in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Call Option Agreement. AFBV is the sole and legitimate holder of the Sale Shares, currently consisting of one share with a par value of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.62). The estimated Purchase Consideration is payable on the Closing Date. For avoidance of doubt, subject to satisfaction of the conditions in the Call Option Agreement, the parties have agreed to achieve Closing of the Call Option on 31 July 2023.
AFPS is the owner of a FPSO known as “FPSO Atlanta”, which is currently undergoing the process of the redeployment to modify, upgrade and extend FPSO Atlanta’s design life. Following completion of the redeployment, the FPSO will be moored at the designated offshore worksite as a leased FPSO vessel to Enauta for the Atlanta deep-water field in the Santos Basin in Brazil pursuant to the Time Charter Agreement. The charter period is for a period of 15 years with options to extend up to 5 years (at the discretion of the Charterer). The estimated value of the Time Charter Agreement is USD1.34 billion (equivalent to RM6.2 billion) for the firm 15 years period and USD280 million or equivalent to RM1,292 million (for the optional 5 years extension period).
YPEPL, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of YHB is currently undertaking the EPCI of the FPSO Atlanta. YBSD, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of YHB will also be the operation and maintenance provider upon commencement of the Time Charter Agreement pursuant to the Time Charter O&M Agreement. The Time Charter O&M Agreement is for a period of 15 years (with an option to extend for up to 5 years at the discretion of the Charterer). In the event the Call Option is exercised, the operation and maintenance of the FPSO currently provided under the EPCI O&M Agreement for a firm period of 2 years (with option to extend solely at the discretion of the Charterer for a period of 2 years each and limited to 9 times) will be cancelled and replaced with the 15-year Time Charter O&M Agreement.
However, if the Call Option is not exercised, the Time Charter Agreement and the Time Charter O&M Agreement shall be null and void and of no effect. The EPCI O&M Agreement will remain in force.
As at the LPD, FPSO Atlanta is more than 60% completed and the redeployment process of the FPSO is expected to be completed by first half of year 2024. Upon completion of the Proposed Acquisition, our Group would have 100% equity interest in AFPS.
 
The diagram below depicts the relationship between the parties involved:


For Shareholders’ information, YHB Group will enter into the following key agreements prior to the Closing, for purposes of setting out the obligations between the parties with respect of AFBV to part finance the construction of “FPSO Atlanta”:
(i)	Facility Agreement; and
(ii)	Undertaking Agreement.
The salient terms of the Call Option Agreement, draft Facility Agreement and draft Undertaking Agreement are set out in Appendix I, Appendix II and Appendix III of this Circular, respectively. 2.2 Background information on AFPS
AFPS was incorporated in the Netherlands as a private limited company on 14 December 2021 under the laws of the Netherlands. AFPS belongs to the group of companies owned, directly or indirectly, by Enauta. Enauta engages in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas in Brazil. Founded in 2009, Enauta holds a portfolio of 20 assets located in eight Brazilian basins, from Foz do Amazonas to Santos Basin. Enauta owns a 45% stake in the Manati offshore oil field and it operates the Atlanta field in the Santos Basin's BS-4 block which entered production in 2018. Enauta is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro.
AFPS commenced business in December 2021. AFPS’ main corporate purpose is to own, lease, sub-lease and operate floating production and offloading vessels and related equipment and any other equipment in connection with upstream and downstream operations. Its main asset is the FPSO Atlanta which will be operating in the Santos basin, Brazil as FPSO Atlanta will be redeployed solely for the purpose of the Time Charter Agreement. There are no other significant assets owned by AFPS apart from FPSO Atlanta.
As at the LPD, the issued share capital of AFPS is USD1 (equivalent to RM4.62) comprising 1 ordinary share.
AFPS is wholly-owned by AFBV. As at the LPD, the directors of AFPS are Richard Ivo Larry van Dijk and Carlos Mastrangelo. Upon the acquisition of AFPS, the current directors of AFPS will be replaced with YHB Group’s directors.
AFPS does not have any subsidiaries or associate companies.
Further information on AFPS is set out in Appendix IV of this Circular.
2.3	Background information on AFBV
AFBV was incorporated in the Netherlands as a private limited company on 2 November 2012 under the laws of the Netherlands. AFBV is principally a financial holding company.
As at the LPD, AFBV has an issued and paid-up share capital of USD6,531.36 (equivalent to RM30,145.49) comprising 27,214 ordinary shares, each share having a nominal value of USD0.24 (equivalent to RM1.11).
As at the LPD, the directors of AFBV are Richard Ivo Larry van Dijk and Carlos Mastrangelo.
The direct and indirect shareholdings of the directors and shareholder of AFBV as at the LPD are set out below:

2.4	Background of Enauta Participações S.A (“Enauta S.A.”)
Enauta S.A. is an investment holding company formed to hold equity interests in companies primarily engaged in the exploration for and production and sale of oil, natural gas and their byproducts in Brazil. Enauta S.A.’s securities are traded on B3 S.A. – Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão (“B3”) and listed in the New Market segment under the ticker symbol ENAT3. Enauta S.A. owns a 45% stake in the Manati offshore oil field, one of the main suppliers of gas to the Northeast region of Brazil. It also operates with 100% participation in the deep waters of the Atlanta field in the Santos Basin's BS-4 block which entered production in 2018. 
Enauta S.A. is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro. Enauta S.A is the holding company of Enauta, AFBV, and AFPS.
2.5	Basis of and justification for the Purchase Consideration
The construction costs of the FPSO by AFPS are being funded by its shareholder, AFBV. The amount contributed by AFBV is recognised in AFPS’ financial statements as share premium. It is estimated that at Closing, the amount AFBV would have incurred (based on current milestone) that would be required to be repaid pursuant to the Call Option Agreement is approximately USD434.7 million (equivalent to RM2,006.4 million). This amount consists of the following: -


Purchase Consideration / Option Price 
Pursuant to the Call Option Agreement, YBHPL has the option to acquire all of the AFPS Shares at the Purchase Consideration equivalent to the Option Price.
The Final Option Price would only be determined on the date on which the Notice of Exercise is given while the calculation of the Option Price shall be based on the last day of the relevant month indicated in the Notice of Exercise. The parties to the Call Option Agreement have extended the exercise date for the Call Option from 1 June 2023 to 14 July 2023 and target to achieve Closing on 31 July 2023.
For illustration purposes, to derive the maximum Purchase Consideration / Option Price, YHB has assumed that the Call Option will be exercised on 14 July 2023 and the Closing is assumed to be 31 July 2023. For illustration, the Option Price shall be computed as follows pursuant to the Call Option Agreement: -

(a)	EPCI Milestone Deferred Payments refer to the scheduled milestone payments billed by Contractor to AFPS in accordance with the EPCI Contract where approximately 20% of the scheduled milestone payments billed will be paid by YBHPL upon the exercising the Call Option.
(b)	It was commercially agreed with Enauta that the Budgeted Total Project Costs is to be borned 80% by Enauta in the form of the Call Grantor Loan and approximately 20% by YBHPL if the Call Option is exercised. Therefore items (i) to (iii) of the Option Price forms approximately 20% of the total project costs up to the Call Option date.
(c)	Closing shall take place at the agreed date of 31 July 2023
(d)	Call Grantor Loan means the loan facility agreement to be entered into between AFPS as borrower and AFBV as lender with a fixed interest rate of 6% per annum, where the amounts borrowed under the Facility are to pay the Project Cost.
(e)	Cash and liabilities are assumed to be zero as any cash available are assumed to be utilised to settle the liabilities of AFPS. For clarity, any excess cash over the amount of the liabilities will lead to an increase in the Option Price of the same amount, and vice versa.
(f)	EPCI Contract refers to the contract entered into between Yinson Production EPC Pte. Ltd., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and AFPS dated 21 February 2022 for the engineering, procurement, construction, installation, commissioning and start-up of the FPSO in the installation area in Brazil.
However, the numbers above are subject to changes depending on, amongst others, the milestone payments as at the Closing Date, cash and liabilities at Closing as well as the actual date of the Closing. Nevertheless, the maximum Final Option Price is expected to be at around or below the USD87.9 million (equivalent to RM405.7 million) above assuming there is no excess cash. In the event there are excess cash over the amount of the liabilities, the maximum Final Option Price illustrated above will correspondently increase.
Prior to the Closing, AFBV will request AFPS to “clean-up” its accounts. It is envisaged that the following material items will remain in AFPS financial statements:
(i)	Construction costs of the FPSO which has been incurred. It is estimated that this will amount to USD428.6 million (equivalent to RM1,978.2 million);
(ii)	FPSO acquisition costs of USD80 million (equivalent to RM369.2 million);
(iii)	Insurance premium paid amounting to USD6.1 million (equivalent to RM28.2 million); and (iv)	Excess Cash Over Liabilities.
Essentially, the Option Price will be almost similar to the NA of AFPS as at the Closing Date.
For illustration purposes, assuming there’s no excess cash over the liabilities, the NA of AFPS as at Closing (i.e. 31 July 2023) based on the maximum Final Option Price is as follows:


Our Board has taken into consideration the following in exercising the Call Option:
(i)	cash flow generating capabilities from the chartering of the FPSO pursuant to the Time Charter Agreement. The total revenue for the entire charter period based on daily charter rate stipulated in the Charter Agreement is approximately USD1,343 million (equivalent to RM6,198.6 million) at 98% uptime;
(ii)	rationale and benefits of the Proposed Acquisition as set out in Section 3 of this Circular; and
(iii)	prospects of AFPS as set out in Section 4.3 of this Circular.
YHB estimated that the project costs for the FPSO until commencement of the Charter is estimated to be USD475 million (equivalent to RM2,192.4 million). For Shareholders’ information, assuming the USD434.7 million (equivalent to RM2,006.4 million) incurred at the point of exercise of the Call Option, the additional financial commitment required of USD40.3 million (RM186.0 million) is as disclosed in Section 2.7 below.
Summary of the Expert Report on the Fairness of the Purchase Consideration
YHB Group has engaged FHCA in forming the expert opinion on the purchase consideration of the 
Target Company. FHCA had adopted the discounted free cash flow to equity method (“Discounted FCFE”) as the sole methodology to assess the fair value of AFPS due to the computation of the option price and as the construction of the asset has yet to be completed, the true value of the FPSO can only be derived from its future income generating capabilities.
The future financial information of AFPS has been prepared based on a set of assumptions made by the management of the Target Company, which includes assumptions about future events and outlook that may or may not necessarily occur. In particular, the future financial information of AFPS is dependent on the achievability of, amongst others, the specific assumptions as set out below:
Key bases and assumptions


The forecast and projections were prepared based on the terms and conditions of the Charter Agreement.
Total revenue for the entire charter period based on daily charter rate stipulated in the Charter Agreement is approximately USD1,343 million (equivalent to RM6,198.6 million) at 98% uptime.
Tenure of the charter agreement is 15 years with options to renew
Operations costs were determined based on scheduled maintenance work and spare parts estimated	by YHB based on	historical performance of their other vessels.
Income tax rate of 17%

The assumptions used for the forecast and projections of the revenue is fair as:
•	The forecast and projections have been prepared based on the terms of the Charter Agreement.
•	Yinson’s fleet are built to run 365 days a year and historically have been consistently maintaining over 99% uptime over the past 5 years across the fleet.
For the purpose of this valuation, it is assumed that the charter contract will not be renewed. As such the terminal value is determined based on the scrap value of the FPSO at the end of the term.
FHCA is of the view that this assumption is fair as the cost, which is made up mainly of crew, maintenance works and spare parts, were estimated based on a combination of fee quotes obtained by the project team as well as past experiences in operating within the same jurisdiction.
Income tax rate computed is based on Singapore tax rate of 17% on the profit margin under the EPCI Contract.


FHCA has concluded that the valuation of the entire equity interest in AFPS range between USD88.77 million (equivalent to RM409.7 million) and USD114.18 million (equivalent to RM527.0 million) based on the sensitivities tested as disclosed in the report. As such FHCA is of the opinion that the purchase consideration of USD87.9 million (equivalent to RM405.7 million) for AFPS falls below the range and is fair.
The Company will make an immediate announcement on the final purchase consideration and final total costs and the basis of determining the final purchase consideration and final total costs to its Shareholders upon finalisation of the transaction with AFBV.
Please refer to Appendix VI of this Circular for the full report on fairness of the purchase consideration.
2.6	Sources of funding 
The Purchase Consideration is expected to be funded via a combination of the following:
(i)	internally generated funds of YHB Group amounting to USD84.7 million (equivalent to RM390.9 million); and/or
(ii)	bank borrowings amounting to USD3.2 million (equivalent to RM14.8 million),
Nevertheless, the proportion between internally generated funds and bank borrowings above may change.
2.7	Liabilities to be assumed
Save for the Shareholder Contribution, Base Equity Contribution and Sponsor Contribution stipulated in the draft Undertaking Agreement (please refer to Appendix III of this Circular), YHB Group will not assume any liabilities, including contingent liabilities and guarantees arising from the Proposed Acquisition.
2.8	Additional financial commitment
Following the Proposed Acquisition and assuming at Closing Date, the amount payable is the maximum Final Option Price and the Call Grantor Loan of USD346.8 million (equivalent to RM1,600.7 million) has been drawndown, YHB Group estimates that based on the estimated project costs, an additional sum of approximately USD40.3 million
(equivalent to RM186.0 million) would be required to complete the FPSO up until commencement of the charter (“Additional Commitment”).
The Additional Commitments above are expected to be financed as follows:
(i)	USD8.3 million (equivalent to RM38.3 million), approximately 20.6% of Additional Commitments is to be funded by YHB Group. YHB Group proposes to fund these amounts via borrowings. However, YHB Group may also fund it via a combination of internally generated funds and borrowings depending on the circumstances at that point in time; and
(ii)	USD32 million (equivalent to RM147.7 million), approximately 79.4% of Additional Commitments is to be funded by AFPS and to be drawn on top of the original amount of USD346.8 million (equivalent to RM1,600.7 million) and will form part of the Call Grantor Loan by AFPS with the same terms and conditions including repayment profile at a fixed interest rate of 6% per annum. The estimated total Call Grantor Loan before the commencement of the Charter amounts to USD378.8 million (equivalent to RM1,748.4 million).
3	RATIONALE AND BENEFITS OF THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION
As at the LPD, our Group is primarily involved, amongst others, in the provision of integrated services of FPSO and FSO units as well as offshore support vessels. The Proposed Acquisition presents our Group with an opportunity to acquire AFPS and operate another FPSO serving the O&G industry in Brazil, further expanding and strengthening our presence in Brazil. Our FPSO presence in Brazil will increase to 3 FPSOs following the Proposed Acquisition.
The EPCI of the FPSO is expected to be completed by first half of year 2024. This will be followed by the commencement of the 15-year Time Charter Agreement. If the Call Option is exercised, the firm contract tenure for the Time Charter O&M Agreement shall be 15 years instead of 2 years (in the event the Call Option is not exercised).
In the event the Call Option is exercised, the total contract value of both the Time Charter 
Agreement and Time Charter O&M Agreement is estimated to be USD1.7 billion (equivalent to 
RM7.8 billion) for the firm 15-year period and USD402 million (equivalent to RM1,855.4 million) for the optional period. The Proposed Acquisition would increase our order book to USD22.6 billion (equivalent to RM104.3 billion) as at 31 March 2023.
Our Board believes that, barring unforeseen circumstances, AFPS is expected to provide an additional income stream to our Group moving forward with the income arising from Time Charter Agreement secured by AFPS, thus enhancing YHB Shareholders’ value in the medium to long term.
Further, our Board is of the view that the Proposed Acquisition is in the best interest of Shareholders as our Group will be able to increase our market share in the FPSO industry as well as gain an alternative source of revenue.
For further details on the prospects of AFPS, please refer to Section 4.3 of this Circular. 
4	INDUSTRY OVERVIEW AND PROSPECTS
4.1	Overview and outlook of the global economy
Global growth has slowed to the extent that the global economy is perilously close to falling into recession, defined as a contraction in annual global per capita income, only three years after emerging from the pandemic-induced recession of 2020. Very high inflation has triggered unexpectedly rapid and synchronous monetary policy tightening around the world to contain it, including across major advanced economies. Although this tightening has been necessary for price stability, it has contributed to a significant worsening of global financial conditions, which is exerting a substantial drag on activity. This drag is set to deepen given the lags between changes in monetary policy and its economic impacts, and the fact that real rates are expected to continue to increase.
Asset prices have been in broad, synchronous decline, investment growth has weakened substantially, and housing markets in many countries are worsening rapidly. Shockwaves continue to emanate from the Russian Federation’s invasion of Ukraine, especially in energy and other commodity markets. Against this backdrop, confidence has fallen precipitously. The world’s three major engines of growth, the United States, the Euro area, and China, are undergoing a period of pronounced weakness, with adverse spillovers for emerging market and developing economies (“EMDEs”), many of which are already struggling with weakening domestic conditions.
Global inflation has been pushed higher by demand pressures, including those from the lagged effects of earlier policy support, and supply shocks, including disruptions to both global supply chains and the availability of key commodities. In some countries, inflation has also been spurred by large currency depreciations relative to the U.S. dollar, as well as tight labour market conditions.
Inflation remains high worldwide and well above central bank targets in almost all inflation-targeting economies. Although inflation is likely to gradually moderate over the course of the year, there are signs that underlying inflation pressures could be becoming more persistent. In response, central banks around the world have been tightening policy faster than previously expected. Monetary policy tightening in advanced economies, a strong U.S. dollar, geopolitical tensions, and high inflation have dampened risk appetite and led to widespread capital outflows and slowing bond issuance across EMDEs. Financial conditions have particularly worsened.
Most commodity prices have eased, to varying degrees, largely due to the slowdown in global growth and concerns about the possibility of a global recession. By historical standards, however, they remain elevated, prolonging challenges associated with energy and food insecurity. Crude oil prices have steadily declined from their mid-2022 peak; meanwhile, natural gas prices in Europe soared to an all-time high in August but have since fallen back toward pre-invasion levels. 
Non-energy prices, particularly metal prices, have declined alongside weak demand. While food prices have eased from earlier peaks, food price inflation remains very high in some EMDEs. Against this backdrop, global growth is forecast to slow to 1.7% in 2023. This pace of growth would be the third weakest in nearly three decades, overshadowed only by the global recessions caused by the pandemic in 2020 and the global financial crisis in 2009. Global trade is also expected to slow sharply alongside global growth, despite support from a continued recovery in services trade. This suggests that the negative shocks of the past three years, namely the pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine, and the rapid increase in inflation and associated tightening of monetary policy worldwide, are having a lasting impact on economic prospects.
In advanced economies, conditions have deteriorated sharply, owing to declining confidence alongside high inflation and rapid monetary policy tightening. In the United States, one of the most aggressive monetary policy tightening cycles in recent history is expected to slow growth sharply. The Euro area is also contending with severe energy supply disruptions and price hikes associated with the Russian Federation’s invasion of Ukraine. In all, growth in advanced economies is forecast to slow from 2.5% in 2022 to 0.5% in 2023.
In EMDEs, growth prospects have worsened materially, with the forecast for 2023 downgraded 0.8 percentage point to a subdued 3.4%. The downward revision results in large part from weaker external demand and tighter financing conditions. EMDE growth is anticipated to remain essentially unchanged in 2023 relative to last year, as a pickup in China offsets a decline in other EMDEs. Excluding China, EMDE growth is forecast to decelerate from 3.8% in 2022 to 2.7% in 2023 as significantly weaker external demand is compounded by high inflation, tighter financial conditions, and other domestic headwinds. The deviation between EMDE investment and its pre-pandemic trend is expected to remain substantial. EMDE investment growth is envisaged to remain below its 200021 average pace, dampened significantly by weakening activity, heightened uncertainty, and rising borrowing costs. Low-income countries (“LICs”) are expected to grow 5.1% in 2023. Cost-of-living increases and a deterioration in the external environment are weighing heavily on activity in many LICs and compounding weakness in LICs with fragile and conflict affected situations.
(Source: Global Economic Prospects, January 2023, World Bank Group as stated in report on outlook of the Global FPSO Market and Oil and Gas Industry, with a Focus on Brazil dated 1 June 2023 by Providence Strategic 
Partners Sdn Bhd )
Brazil
In Brazil, structural bottlenecks resulted in a meagre average GDP growth (0.6%) over the past decade, despite favourable demographics. Productivity growth remains weak, due to a complex tax system, a cumbersome business environment that discourages entrepreneurship, slow and unequal human capital accumulation, ineffective State intervention policies (at the sectoral level), low savings, and compressed public investment to accommodate higher current spending and increasing pension obligations.
The COVID-19 pandemic left Brazil with one of the highest global death tolls, but a rapid vaccine rollout program launched in mid-2021 and a comprehensive economic support policy contributed to a return to relative normality. As of 30 March 2023, 85% of Brazilians had received at least one dose of the vaccine, and 77% had received two.
In 2022, real GDP grew by 2.9%, largely propelled by household consumption, which advanced 4.3% in the year. The labour market recovery continued, as unemployment dropped to 7.9% by December 2022, the lowest level since 2015, with improved labour conditions for women, youth, and AfroBrazilians. Brazil’s unemployment rate increased to 8.4% in January 2023, interrupting a sequence of ten consecutive retreats in the margin, and 0.5 percentage point above the levels of December 2022, but still 2.8 percentage points below January 2022. Additionally, labour force participation stood at 61.9% in January 2023 (down from 62.3% in January 2022), and closed below pre-pandemic levels (63.3%).
Inflation has been a persistent challenge for Brazil: its peak at 12.1% in April 2022 led to a significant monetary tightening cycle that brought the policy rate to 13.75% in December 2022. Fiscal consolidation continued in 2022, supported by higher revenues (8.2% of real growth), economic recovery, and favourable terms of trade. As a result, Brazil’s primary surplus stood at 1.3% of GDP (0.6 percentage point higher than in 2021), and public debt reached 72.9% of GDP (down from 78.3% in 2021).
In 2023, real GDP growth is expected to slow to 0.8% due to monetary tightening, still high inflation, and subdued global demand. Together, these factors are likely to depress private consumption, exports, and investment. On the fiscal front, public debt is expected to increase gradually to 78.5% of GDP by 2025 due to higher refinancing costs, and temporary higher social expenditures. Restoring sustainability still represents one of the most urgent economic challenges for Brazil, despite the ongoing fiscal consolidation achieved throughout 2021–22. The medium-term growth outlook is also subject to risks if total factor productivity remains at current levels. Achieving a higher potential output trajectory would require a revitalised impulse toward implementing structural reforms that could boost and support both investment and productivity.
An expansion of federal social transfers continues to play a key role in providing income support to the poorest segments of society and reducing poverty rates. These transfers contributed to reducing poverty rates to 24.3% in 2022, down from 28.4% in 2021 (the poverty rate is based on the USD6.85/day (equivalent to RM31.62/day), purchasing power parity (PPP)). An overhaul of the Bolsa Família program, including an extra benefit of R$150 per child (ages 0–5) in all recipient families and a strong consolidation effort, is expected to contribute to a slight reduction in poverty to 23.9% in 2023. Further reductions may occur as the economy recovers, but they will remain volatile in the absence of stronger investment in human capital among the less well-off.
Striking the right balance between protecting the poor and ensuring public finance sustainability, including at subnational levels, will be a key policy challenge in the years ahead.
(Source: The World Bank, April 2023 as stated in report on outlook of the Global FPSO Market and Oil and Gas Industry, with a Focus on Brazil dated 1 June 2023 by Providence Strategic Partners Sdn Bhd)
4.2	Overview and outlook of the global FPSO Market, with a focus on Brazil
Brazil is the largest oil producer in South America and has some of the largest recoverable ultra-deep oil reserves globally. Brazil’s oil production is predominantly offshore. Brazil has been a key market for FPSO historically and demand for FPSOs is expected to be positive moving forward. With the majority of its reserves being located in the deep and ultra-deep waters, FPSOs are the most suitable and economically feasible production unit for the Brazilian coast. Brazil produced approximately 3.0 million barrels of oil per day in 2021, making it the 9th largest oil producer globally. 
Brazil targets to increase oil production to 5.4 million barrels of oil per day by 2029 with 80.0% of these resources coming from the pre-salt layer. This target will enable Brazil to become the 4th largest oil producer in the world by 2029. In order to achieve this target, Brazil will need to strengthen its FPSO fleet infrastructure to support oil and gas production activities.
The prospects and outlook for FPSO demand in Brazil are positive and will be supported by the following factors:
	a)	Growth in FPSO orders
Total installed available FPSOs globally grew from 155 units in 2010 to 183 units in 2022 at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 1.5%. During this period, installed available FPSO units peaked at 202 units in 2018. Since then, the scrapping of older FPSO units has outpaced deliveries and the total installed available declined to 183 in 2022. In 2022, six new FPSO orders were delivered, of which two were deployed to Brazil’s Itapu and Mero 1 fields. 
As at November 2022, there were a total of 57 units in Latin America, 51 units of FPSOs in Asia Pacific, 40 units in Africa, 21 units in Europe, seven units in Australia / New Zealand, four units in the Middle East and one unit in North America. From the 57 FPSO units in Latin America, 44 units are in Brazil which possesses the largest fleet of installed FPSOs in its oil and gas fields globally.
The current orderbook for FPSOs indicate 32 units are scheduled for delivery in 2023, 11 units are scheduled for delivery in 2024, five units are scheduled for delivery in 2025, and two units each are scheduled for delivery in 2026 and 2027 respectively. These new FPSOs are designed to operate for over 20-years and should remain in service until 2040 and beyond.
From the 32 FPSO orders, 18 FPSO units are being built for deployment in South America, four for Europe, three for Africa, two units each for Asia and Middle East respectively. From the 18 units of FPSOs for South America, 16 FPSO units are intended for Brazil.
b)	Brazil’s position as a key oil and gas producer
Oil and gas production in Brazil has been growing at a rate higher than global levels. Between 2010 and 2021, Brazil’s production of crude oil rose from 2.1 billion barrels daily to 3.0 billion barrels at a daily CAGR of 3.1% (global CAGR 0.7%). During the same period, Brazil’s production of natural gas rose from 15.0 billion m3 to 24.3 billion m3 at a CAGR of 4.5% (global CAGR 2.3%). Brazil is the largest oil producer in South America and has some of the largest recoverable ultra-deep oil reserves globally. Brazil’s oil production is predominantly offshore. Brazil is well positioned for the exploration and production of offshore oil due to owning the pre-salt province which has high quality oil and field productivity. Energy reforms, frequent oil finds, along with recent and future oil bidding rounds have been attracting international oil companies (IOCs) to bid on opportunities in Brazil. Brazil´s 2021-2030 Energy Expansion Plan (PDE) forecasts that oil and gas exploration and production investments will range from USD415.0 billion (equivalent to RM1,915 billion) to USD454.0 billion (equivalent to RM2,095 billion) during this period.
According to the Brazilian National Agency of Petroleum, Natural Gas and Biofuels, the offshore projects to start operations in Brazil are:
•	2023 – Mero 1, Buzios 5, Peregrino (Phase 2); 
•	2024 – Marlim 1, Marlim 2, Itapu, and Mero 2;
•	2025 – Buzios 6, Mero 3, Parque das Baleias, Atlanta FDS and Bacalhau; and 
•	2026 – Buzios 7, Mero 4, Buzios 8 and Neon.
The commencement of the abovementioned offshore projects would have a positive impact on the demand for FPSOs in Brazil to facilitate oil production activities. Further, Brazil has several offshore projects in the planning cycle with requirements for FPSO infrastructure.
c)	Targets to boost the oil and gas industry in Brazil 
In March 2023, Brazil’s Ministry of Mines and Energy (MME) announced its intention to launch the Potencializa Exploration and Production (“E&P”) Programme at the next meeting of the National Council for Energy Policy (CNPE) which aims to guarantee investments in oil and natural gas exploration and transform Brazil into the fourth largest oil producer in the world. The Potencializa E&P Programme initiative intends to focus on the critical points for the development of exploration in frontier areas and encourage investments in mature fields or marginal economic ones.
As at the end of 2022, there were 11 oil and gas projects in the bidding or final design stage in Brazil. Brazil has an additional 13 oil and gas projects that are under planning and six oil and gas projects under appraisal stage, which upon progression to bidding or final design stage, will support demand for FPSO units in the country. 
d)	Long term rising demand for oil globally
The consumption of oil increased from 88.7 million barrels daily in 2010 to 96.9 million barrels daily in 2021 at a CAGR of 0.8%. The United States was the largest oil consumer in 2021, where its consumption of crude oil stood at 18.7 million barrels daily and accounted for 19.3% of global consumption of crude oil. This was followed by China with 15.4 million barrels daily (15.9%), and India with 4.9 million barrels daily (5.1%).
The demand for oil is expected to be positive, supported by developing countries that are driven by strong population growth, fast expanding economies, further urbanisation and the related expansion of the middle class. A key development in oil demand since the start of 2023 is the recovery in travel, particularly air travel. International passenger flights have improved by 34% between February 2022 and February 2023. The recovery in travel is expected to support oil demand through 2023.
Over the longer term, demand for oil will continue to grow driven by an expanding middle class, high population growth rates and stronger economic growth potential, particularly in China, India, other Asian countries and OPEC. These factors are expected to support the increase in global oil demand from 96.9 million barrels daily in 2021 to an estimated 106.6 million barrels daily in 2030.
e)	Long term increasing global oil prices
The price of Brent crude oil averaged USD81 (equivalent to RM374) per barrel in the first quarter of 2023, a decrease of 8% from the previous quarter. In March 2023, the price was down 35% from its peak in June 2022. Daily prices fluctuated in the range of USD72 (equivalent to RM332) to USD87 (equivalent to RM402) per barrel during the quarter, with moves largely driven by news relating to China’s reopening, the monetary policy stance in major advanced economies, and recent financial market stress. Prices rose at the beginning of April following a surprise announcement of a production cut by OPEC+. 
The price of Brent crude oil is forecast to average USD84 (equivalent to RM388) per barrel in 2023, down from almost USD100 (equivalent to RM462) per barrel in 2022, mostly reflecting weaker growth prospects in advanced economies. The economic recovery in China will support demand growth in 2023-24. Supply will be slower to pick up due to OPEC+ production quotas and limits on capacity in most other regions. Prices are expected to increase slightly 2024 and will remain higher than their 2015-2019 monthly average of USD57 (equivalent to RM263) per barrel. Over the longer term, oil prices are projected to gradually increase and reach USD90 (equivalent to RM415) per barrel by 2030.
 
(Source: Outlook of the Global FPSO Market and Oil and Gas Industry, with a Focus on Brazil dated 1 June 2023 by Providence Strategic Partners Sdn Bhd)
4.3	Prospects of AFPS 
The Proposed Acquisition will allow YHB Group to tap into the growing O&G industry in Brazil. As stated in the Independent Market Research (“IMR”) report, O&G production in Brazil has been growing at a rate higher than global levels. Between 2010 and 2021, Brazil’s production of crude oil rose from 2.1 billion barrels daily to 3.0 billion barrels daily at a CAGR of 3.1% (global CAGR 0.7%). During the same period, Brazil’s production of natural gas rose from 15.0 billion m3 to 24.3 billion m3 at a CAGR of 4.5% (global CAGR 2.3%). Brazil is the largest oil producer in South America and has some of the largest recoverable ultra-deep oil reserves globally. Brazil’s oil production is predominantly offshore. Brazil has been a key market for FPSO historically and demand for FPSOs is expected to be positive moving forward. With the majority of its reserves being located in the deep and ultra-deep waters, FPSOs are the most suitable and economically feasible production unit for the Brazilian coast. Brazil produced approximately 3.0 million barrels of oil per day in 2021, making it the 9th largest oil producer globally. Brazil targets to increase oil production to 5.4 million barrels of oil per day by 2029 with 80.0% of these resources coming from the pre-salt layer. This target will enable Brazil to become the 4th largest oil producer in the world by 2029. In order to achieve this target, Brazil will need to strengthen its FPSO fleet infrastructure to support O&G production activities.
With the redeployment of FPSO Atlanta expected to be completed by the first half of 2024 and commencement of the Time Charter Agreement and Time Charter O&M Agreement, AFPS would have a ready and stable income for the duration of the respective contracts which would provide an additional income stream to the enlarged YHB Group, moving forward.
Barring any unforeseen circumstances, we believe that the acquisition of AFPS should augur well for the Group and should increase the earnings potential of our enlarged YHB Group through the Time Charter Agreement secured by AFPS.
(Source: Management of YHB)
5	RISK FACTORS IN RELATION TO THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION
AFPS operates in the same industry as YHB Group. YHB Group has been involved in the O&G industry since year 2008 and operates in various countries, including Brazil. As such, our Group is already exposed to risks inherent to the O&G industry in Brazil faced by AFPS. These risks would include but are not limited to the following:
(i)	Disruption / delay in completion of FPSO;
(ii)	Changes in laws, regulations or policies of government may impact ability to obtain, renew or maintain the permits licenses and registrations required for operations;
(iii)	Foreign exchange risk;
(iv)	Operating hazards; and (v)	Dependence on skilled personnel.
 
In view that the above risk factors are native to YHB Group’s existing ordinary course of business, YHB will continue to take reasonable steps to mitigate such risks based on its track record, experience and expertise in the O&G industry.
 
In addition to the above, YHB Group will be exposed to the following:
	(i)	Financing and interest rate risk
Our Group may seek external financing to fund the Purchase Consideration for the Proposed Acquisition. Our Group’s ability to obtain external financing and the cost of financing depends on numerous factors such as general economic and market conditions, interest rates, credit availability from the banks and/or other lenders. 
There can be no assurance that the necessary financing will be available in amounts or on terms and conditions acceptable to our Group and hence, there can be no assurance that our Group will be able to obtain sufficient borrowings to fund the Purchase Consideration.
Assuming the entire Base Equity Contribution of USD100 million (equivalent to RM461.6 million) is funded by borrowings, our borrowings is expected to increase from RM9,584 million with gearing of 1.48 times to RM10,046 million with a gearing of 1.56 times. Our Group could potentially be exposed to fluctuations in interest rates on the financing obtained, leading to higher borrowing costs that may adversely affect our Group’s financial performance and ability to service our financial obligations.
As stated in Section 2.6 of this Circular, our Group proposes to fund the Purchase Consideration from our own internally generated funds and/or bank borrowings. In the event YHB Group is unable to obtain bank borrowing or our internally generated funds are not sufficient, we may seek other avenues for fund raising which would include equity fund raising (via placement) to raise the requisite proceeds.
Our Group will continue to monitor and review our debt portfolio, which takes into consideration our gearing level, interest costs and cash flows.
	(ii)	Completion risk
The completion of the Proposed Acquisition is conditional upon the Shareholders’ approval being obtained at the forthcoming EGM and there being no material breach in representation, warranties and undertaking pursuant to the Call Option Agreement. If the shareholders’ approval is not obtained or if there is any material breach in representation, warranties and undertaking pursuant to the Call Option Agreement, the Call Option Agreement may be terminated and all the potential benefits arising from the Proposed Acquisition may not materialise.
Nevertheless, our Group will take all reasonable steps to ensure such risk is mitigated by proactively engaging with all relevant parties to obtain all the necessary approvals and documents required for the completion of the Proposed Acquisition.
	(iii)	Early termination risk of the Time Charter Agreement
The Time Charter Agreement can be terminated by the Charterer at their convenience.
However, the Charterer is required to make an ETP payment to AFPS. The ETP or reduced ETP payments are derived based on, inter alia, reimbursement of all reasonable and documented costs incurred by AFPS for the demobilization, according to the demobilization plan agreed by the parties, the net present value of the full charter rate payable for the number of days remaining until the expiry date, calculated on monthly basis with a discount rate of 10% per year. 
Nevertheless, upon exercise of the Call Option, we shall endeavour to fulfil the terms and conditions of the Time Charter Agreement as well as maintain a close working relationship with the Charterer to ensure issues, if any can be addressed and resolved promptly to minimise the occurrence of any early termination of the Time Charter Agreement.
	(iv)	Risk associated with Call Grantor Loan
AFPS would have the obligation to repay the outstanding Call Grantor Loan amount to AFBV in accordance with the terms of the Call Grantor Loan. 
Since both the Charterer and AFBV belongs to the same Charterer group, should there be continuing events of default from the Charterer causing the Time Charter Agreement to be terminated, YHB Group will be entitled to termination fee under the Time Charter Agreement of which it will be used to repay the Call Grantor Loan. If the Charterer fails to pay the termination fee owed, then the Commitments (as defined in Appendix II of the Circular) and all amounts outstanding under the Call Grantor Loan will be cancelled and YHB Group shall not be obliged to repay any outstanding amount owing to AFBV and the FPSO Mortgage along with all other Transaction Securities granted to AFBV shall be released. Notwithstanding anything stated in the finance documents, in the event there is a failure by YPOPL or YBHPL to comply with the relevant terms and conditions of the Undertaking Agreement, all amounts payable or expressed to be payable by YPOPL to AFBV under the Undertaking Agreement or in respect of its obligations and liabilities under the finance documents shall be recoverable only from and to the extent of the Secured Property and YPOPL shall not be personally liable for those money, obligations and liabilities.
However, if YHB Group breaches the terms under the Time Charter Agreement, the Services Agreement or the Facility Agreement is by YHB Group and if not remedied within the stipulated period, it may lead to events of default which may trigger the Call Grantor Loan being cancelled and AFBV taking enforcement actions in respect of the Transaction Security.
Nevertheless, YHB Group shall endeavour to monitor the compliance of the terms under the Time Charter Agreement, the Services Agreement and Facility Agreement.
6	EFFECTS OF THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION
6.1	Issued share capital
The Proposed Acquisition will not have any effect on the issued share capital and substantial shareholders’ shareholding of YHB as the Proposed Acquisition does not entail any issuance of new YHB Shares.
 
6.2	NA and gearing
Based on the audited consolidated statements of financial position of YHB as at 31 January 2023 and assuming that the Proposed Acquisition had been effected on 31 January 2023, the pro-forma / illustrative effects of the acquisition of AFPS on the NA per YHB Share and gearing of the YHB Group are as follows:


(a)	Other reserves collectively consist of foreign currency translation reserve, cash flows hedge reserve, share based option reserve, share grant reserve, put option reserve and warrants reserve.
(b)	Total equity is inclusive of perpetual securities issued by of the Company of RM358 million (net of transaction costs) as at 31 January 2023. The Company issued Perpetual Sukuk Wakalah of RM250 million and RM110 million pursuant to its Subordinated Perpetual Islamic Notes Programme of up to RM1.0 billion in nominal value on 2 November 2022 and 5 December 2022 respectively, which were classified as equity because the payment of any distribution or redemption is at the discretion of the Company.
(c)	Assuming that a loan of USD87.9 million (equivalent to RM405.7 million million) is drawndown to fund the settlement of the Purchase Consideration in full.
(d)	Computed based on equity/NA attributable to owners of the Company divided by number of YHB Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares).
(e)	Computed based on total loans and borrowings of YHB Group divided by total equity.
(f)	Increase in retained earnings of RM36 million after the Proposed Acquisition after taking into consideration the accounting treatment below and the estimated expenses of RM1million.
Based on the contractual arrangement with Enauta Group, YHB has no control over the FPSO as the use, design, and specifications of the FPSO are all determined by Enauta Group. After the Proposed Acquisition, Enauta Group is able to direct the use of the FPSO and control the economic benefits associated with the FPSO. Enauta is also able to prevent others from accessing the FPSO and has stipulated that the FPSO is not to be charged, leased, sold or transferred to any other party without the consent of Enauta Group.
Accordingly, there is no identified asset controlled by YHB after the Proposed Acquisition. Hence, the entire contractual arrangement with Enauta Group is determined to be a service arrangement in accordance with MFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
Based on the above, the accounting treatment after the Proposed Acquisition at the YHB (Group Level) is summarised as follows:
(i)	YHB Group will not recognise the FPSO as an asset (although YHB Group has legal ownership of the FPSO after the Proposed Acquisition); 
(ii)	YHB Group will not recognise the Call Grantor Loan provided by Enauta Group as borrowings, as the said loan is deemed to be an advance of approximately 80% of the project costs (refer to Section 2.5 of this Circular) given to YHB Group for the construction of the FPSO which under the control of Enauta Group (effectively, Enauta Group is funding the construction of the FPSO); and
(iii)	The charter revenue to be obtained by YHB Group is an all-inclusive rate that will cover services to be provided by YHB Group i.e. the EPCI, O&M element in the Charter (excluding the Time Charter O&M) and Charter. As such, the revenue recognised during the charter period will be determined based on the charter rate stated in the charter contract (net of the total interest expenses on the Call Grantor Loan to be repaid over 15 years) and allocated to the 3 distinct services identified in the charter contract as follows:
(a)	EPCI – based on the total expected EPCI project costs
(b)	O&M element in the Charter – based on the total expected O&M costs; and 
(c)	Charter – the difference between the total charter income for 15 years as determined above less the amounts allocated to EPCI and O&M services.
The construction of FPSO Atlanta (EPCI) is to be funded by the Call Grantor Loan (80% of total project costs) and YHB Group’s equity contribution (remaining 20% of total project costs) after the Proposed Acquisition. As stated in Section 2.5 of this Circular, these amounts up to the completion of the EPCI of FPSO Atlanta are shown in the table below:



The total payment under the EPCI Contract will be recognised on the balance sheet as a receivable 
(which includes the total project costs, EPCI profits and associated interest expenses) (“EPCI Receivable”). The Call Grantor Loan provided by Enauta Group to AFPS including the associated interest expenses will be offset against the EPCI Receivable instead of being recognised as borrowings upon completion of the Proposed Acquisition up to the end of the charter contract. 
The net receivable balance after the said offset represents YHB Group’s 20% equity contribution for the EPCI contract during the construction period) which is to be repaid over the charter period of 15 years (“Net EPCI Receivable”) from the charter revenue to be paid from Enauta Group to AFPS.
The advance milestone payments received by YHB Group from Enauta Group to fund the construction of the FPSO (representing 80% of the total project costs) will be converted into the Call Grantor Loan under the Facility Agreement after the Proposed Acquisition. It is estimated that the maximum advance milestone payments to be received by the Closing would be USD346.8 million (equivalent RM1,600.7 million).
Upon commencement of the charter period, the charter payments allocated for EPCI will then be utilised towards the settlement of the Net EPCI Receivable. Furthermore, after the Proposed Acquisition, YHB Group is expected to recognise additional EPCI profit on the vessel and other costs of USD8 million (RM36.9 million), with the EPCI profit margin remaining consistent before and after the Proposed Acquisition. 
For information, upon repayment of the Call Grantor Loan and associated interest expenses, there will be no accounting effects at YHB Group level in view that the loan has been offset against the EPCI Receivable.
Prior to the Proposed Acquisition and up the completion of the FPSO, YHB Group will recognise the progress of the construction of the FPSO (i.e. EPCI) as revenue in the income statement. All revenue pursuant to the EPCI will be fully recognised upon completion of the FPSO. Upon commencement of the charter, YHB Group will be recognising revenue allocated to the charter and O&M services (per (iii)(b) and (iii)(c) above) in the income statement over the charter period of 15 years. The costs associated with the EPCI, charter and O&M will be recognised as and when incurred.
Notwithstanding the above, on the standalone balance sheet of AFPS, the FPSO will be recognised as an asset and the Call Grantor Loan will be recognised as a liability in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by EU.
As at the exercise of the Call Option, the amount of the maximum equity contribution is expected to be approximately USD87.9 million (equivalent to RM405.7 million). However, the maximum equity contribution as stipulated in the Call Option Agreement is approximately USD100 million (equivalent to RM461.6 million). If YHB Group is required to pump in up to USD100 million (equivalent to RM461.6 million) and the entire sum is funded by borrowings, our borrowings are expected to increase from RM9,584 million with gearing of 1.48 times to RM10,046 million with a gearing of 1.56 times.
6.3	Earnings and EPS
Upon completion of the Proposed Acquisition, the Company will consolidate the results of AFPS.
For illustrative purposes only, assuming the Proposed Acquisition was completed on 1 February 2022, the pro forma PAT attributable to owners of the Company and basic EPS for the FYE 31 January 2023 is set out as below:


(a)	Increase in profit attributable to owners of the Company of was primarily due to:
(i)	Effect of attribution of the EPCI profit margin to the vessel cost and other costs directly attributable to the EPCI Contract amounting to USD8 million (equivalent to RM36.9 million). Please refer to Section 6.2 above for further details;
(ii)	Partially offset by interest expenses of USD6.5 million (equivalent to RM30.0 million) (net of tax impact of USD1.3 million (equivalent to RM6.0 million)) on the loan of USD87.9 million (equivalent to RM405.7 million) to be drawndown to fund the settlement of the Purchase Consideration in full at an assumed interest rate of 9% per annum and estimated expenses in relation to the Proposed Acquisition amounting to approximately RM 1 million.
(b)	Computed based on profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company divided by weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (excluding treasury shares).
7	APPROVALS REQUIRED
The Proposed Acquisition is conditional upon the following approvals being obtained:
(i)	the Shareholders of YHB at an EGM to be convened; and
(ii)	any other relevant authorities/parties, if required.
For your information, on 31 May 2023, our Directors, namely Mr Lim Han Weng, Mr. Lim Chern 
Yuan, Madam Bah Kim Lian, Mr. Lim Han Joeh and persons connected with them, representing approximately a total of 29.21% equity interest in our Company had provided a collective, nonbinding letter of comfort to AFBV supporting the exercise of the Call Option, subject to the approval of Shareholders of our Company at the forthcoming EGM. 
8	PERCENTAGE RATIO
The highest percentage ratio applicable to the Proposed Acquisition pursuant to Paragraph 10.02(g) of the Listing Requirements of Bursa Securities is 48.56% (assuming the maximum Option Price of USD87.9 million (equivalent to RM405.7 million) and the Grantor Loan to be drawn down upon exercise of the Call Option of USD346.8 million (equivalent to RM1,600.7 million), based on the audited NA of YHB for the FYE 31 January 2023.
9	CORPORATE EXERCISES ANNOUNCED BUT PENDING COMPLETION
Save for the Proposed Acquisition (being the subject matter of this Circular) and Proposed ESS2023, there are no other corporate exercises which have been announced by our Company but are pending completion as at the date of this Circular.
The Proposed Acquisition is not conditional upon any other corporate exercise undertaken or to be undertaken by our Company.
10 INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS, CHIEF EXECUTIVE AND/OR 
PERSONS CONNECTED WITH THEM
None of our Directors, major shareholders, chief executive of our Company and/or persons connected with them has any interest, whether direct or indirect, in the Proposed Acquisition.
11	DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT AND RECOMMENDATION
Our Board, after having considered all aspects of the Proposed Acquisition (including but not limited to the basis of and justification for the Purchase Consideration, rationale and benefits of the Proposed Acquisition, effects of the Proposed Acquisition and prospects of AFPS and the risks involved) and after careful deliberation, is of the opinion that the Proposed Acquisition is in the best interest of YHB.
Accordingly, our Board recommends that you VOTE IN FAVOUR of the ordinary resolution pertaining to the Proposed Acquisition to be tabled at the forthcoming EGM.
12	ESTIMATED TIMEFRAME FOR COMPLETION 
Barring any unforeseen circumstances, the Proposed Acquisition is expected to be completed in the 2nd half of 2023. The tentative timeline of events leading to the completion of the Proposed Acquisition is as follows:

EGM
The ordinary resolution in respect of the Proposed Acquisition will be tabled at our forthcoming EGM. This Circular together with the Administrative Details for the EGM are available on the Company’s website at www.yinson.com.
Our forthcoming EGM will be held on a virtual basis and conducted entirely through live streaming via Remote Participation and Voting facilities, on Thursday, 13 July 2023 at 12.30 p.m. or immediately after the conclusion or adjournment (as the case may be) of our Company’s 30th AGM, scheduled to be held on the same day at 10.30 a.m, whichever is later. The broadcast venue for the EGM is at Yinson Global Headquarters, Level 16, Menara South Point, Mid Valley City, Medan Syed Putra Selatan, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The voting of our forthcoming EGM will be conducted by poll. A member entitled to participate, speak and vote at our forthcoming EGM is entitled to appoint a proxy or proxies to participate, speak and vote on his/her behalf. If you are unable to attend and vote by yourself at our forthcoming EGM, please complete and return the Form of Proxy, in accordance with the instructions therein, to our share registrar, Securities Services (Holdings) Sdn Bhd at Level 7, Menara Milenium, Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar Damansara, Damansara Heights, 50490 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time and date fixed for holding the EGM or at any adjournment thereof. Alternatively, you may submit an eProxy form via Securities Services e-Portal at https://sshsb.net.my/ (“eProxy Lodgement”). Please refer to the Administrative Details for the steps on the eProxy Lodgement which is available on the Company’s website at www.yinson.com. The lodging of the Form of Proxy will not preclude you from participating, speaking and voting remotely at the forthcoming EGM should you subsequently wish to do so, so long as you revoke the appointment of your proxy prior to the EGM


Call Option
Subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement and in consideration for payment of the sum of USD1.00 (equivalent to RM4.62), the Call Grantor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally grants to the Holder, during the Option Exercise Period, the right and option to purchase all of the AFPS Shares so that during the Option Exercise Period, the Holder has the option to purchase and require the Call Grantor to sell all of the AFPS Shares.
The Call Option is granted by the Call Grantor to the Holder in consideration of payment of the Option Fee paid by the Holder to the Call Grantor, receipt whereof the Call Grantor acknowledges.
Exercise of option
During the Option Exercise Period, the Holder shall have the right to deliver a notice of exercise to the Call Grantor and the Target Company for the purposes of exercising the Call Option.
Option Price
The price, in USD, to be paid by the Holder to the Call Grantor for the AFPS Shares shall be equal to the Effective Book Value of the date of the Closing calculated in the manner set out in Section 2.5 of this Circular.


The agreement shall become effective on 21 February 2021 and shall remain effective until termination of the agreement pursuant to Total Loss or expiration of the Option Exercise Period (if the Call Option has not been exercised) in each case, whichever occurs first. The Call Option shall remain open to be exercised at any time during the Option Exercise Period. Upon termination of the agreement due to Total Loss or
expiration of the Option Exercise Period (if the Call Option has not been exercised), the Agreement shall automatically terminate without any liability, and the parties and the guarantor of the Call Grantor shall no longer have any right or obligation under the agreement, except for such liabilities, rights and obligations that shall survive such termination or expiration as expressly provided in the agreement.

Expiry and its consequences
Expiry of Call Option
If the Holder has been prevented from exercising the Call Option by the end of the Option Exercise Period or if Closing has not occurred due to:
(i)	a failure by the Call Grantor to advance the loans under the Call Grantor Loan to the Target Company when required in accordance with the terms of the agreement, 
(ii)	the Call Grantor’s failure in performing or fulfilling its obligations under the agreement; or
(iii)	a material breach of undertakings by the Call Grantor as detailed in the agreement;
(iv)	a material breach of representations and warranties by the Call Grantor as detailed in the agreement;
(v)	any action or omission of the Call Grantor and/or the Target Company that is reasonably foreseeable that will have the effect of preventing the exercise of the Call Option and/or Closing (including but not limited to a termination of the EPCI Contract);
(vi)	a breach of obligation by the Call Grantor or the Target Company under the relevant provisions in the agreement
(provided that any failure to provide information/documents pursuant to these sections may be remediated by providing such information or document promptly upon Target Company or Call Grantor becoming aware of such failure),
provided that (i) such action and/or omission cannot be remediated and/or indemnified on the basis of the provisions of the agreement; and (ii) such action or omission was the principal reason the Call Holder was unable to exercise the Call Option, the consequences as stipulated in the “Expiry of Payment” below shall apply.
Save and except for items (c) and (d) above, any breach of the undertakings, representations and warranties made under Sections 6 and 7 of the agreement prior to Closing shall not be treated as having prevented the Call Holder from exercising the Call Option. 
For the avoidance of doubt in what concerns in item (b) above, parties shall discuss in good faith if the closing is prevented by a cause outside the Target Company’s or Call Grantor’s control. 
Expiry of Payment
If, by the end of the Option Exercise Period, the Holder has been prevented from exercising the Call Option or the closing has not occurred for the reasons provided in item above, the Call Grantor shall ensure that the Target Company shall pay to the Contractor the EPCI Contract Price (being the price for the whole of the work that the contractor is required to carry out) without application of the EPCI Profit Discount in accordance with the terms of the EPCI Contract. The nonapplication of the EPCI Profit Discount to the EPCI Contract 

Price shall be the Holder's sole and exclusive financial compensation for its non-exercise of the Call Option by the end of the Option Exercise Period or if Closing has not occurred for the reasons provided in item above and no further amount whatsoever, including any damages, shall be paid to the Holder. If the Call Option is not exercised by the Holder for any reason (save for the reasons provided in item above), the EPCI Profit Discount shall automatically apply under the EPCI Contract. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the EPCI Profit Discount shall remain automatically applied in any case of EPCI termination due to Contractor's default and due to Force Majeure as stipulated in the agreement.
Remediation of undertakings, representations and warranties Should the Call Grantor fail to comply with any undertakings, representations and warranties provided in the agreement which are capable of being remediated, the Call Grantor shall be entitled to remedy such failure within a) 15 days from a notice from the Holder or Call Grantor or b) a reasonable time frame provided that such remediation is accomplished before closing, and promptly notify the Holder in writing of the results of such remediation.

The agreement shall be governed by the laws of England without reference to its conflict of laws principles which might lead to the application of the laws of another state.

The Lender makes available to the Borrower a dollar term loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to USD378,209,456.00* or equivalent to RM1,745,625,744.00 at the date of the agreement (“Facility”)
Note:
* The Facility Agreement is currently in a draft form and yet to be executed. Hence, the amount stated here may be updated prior to its execution.


The Borrower shall only apply amounts borrowed under the Facility to pay (or reimburse) Project Cost.

Initial Conditions Precedent for the first utilisation date
The Borrower may not deliver a utilisation request for the first date of the utilization of the loan (“First Utilisation Date”) unless the Lender has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in the agreement, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender. 
Initial Conditions Precedent for the First Call Option utilisation date
The Borrower may not deliver a utilisation request on or after the Closing Date unless the Lender has received all of the documents and other evidence listed in of the agreement, in each case in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender. 


The rate of interest on each loan is 6% per annum (“Fixed Interest Rate”), which shall accrue from the First Utilisation Date, in accordance with the terms and conditions of the agreement. 
Subject to the relevant provisions in the agreement, if the Borrower fails to pay any amount payable by it under a finance document on its due date (unless such failure to pay is due to a continuing event of Charterer’s default or the Lender is a defaulting lender), interest shall accrue on the overdue amount from the due date up to the date of actual payment (both before and after judgment), at a rate which is 2% per annum higher than the Fixed Interest Rate.

The Borrower must ensure that from the Closing Date until the expiry of the Availability Period: 
(i)	Equity in an aggregated amount (when aggregated with the amount of Equity funded under item (ii) below not exceeding the Base Equity Contribution has been deposited into the construction account in accordance with terms and conditions of the agreement and the Undertaking Agreement in the form of provided in the agreement; and 
(ii)	In the event of a Cost Overrun, Equity (in addition to the Base Equity Contribution) is deposited into the construction account in accordance with the Undertaking Agreement to fund the payment of all Project Cost (excluding any capitalised interest stipulated in the agreement) due and payable by the Borrower that exceed the Budgeted Total Project Costs as defined in the agreement.
On or before each proposed Utilisation Date occurring after the Closing Date, the Borrower must procure that Equity is contributed in cleared funds into the construction account in an amount equal to 20% of the Project Costs to be paid with the proceeds of the loan requested in the relevant Utilisation Request (in an aggregate amount not exceeding the Base Equity Contribution). For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower shall not be obliged to procure that any Equity is contributed to fund any interest which is capitalised pursuant to the agreement and constitutes Project Costs. 
A failure by Sponsor or the Shareholder to make any Equity Contribution to the Borrower (including the Base Equity Contribution or additional Equity Contributions if Cost Overruns occur) in accordance with the finance documents constitute an Event of Default under the terms and conditions of the agreement.

Subject to provisions on the deferral rights in the agreement, the Borrower shall repay the loans by repayment instalments in the amount, and on the dates, as set out in the Repayment Schedule. For your information on the Repayment Schedule, please refer to Schedule 1 after this table.

Without limiting the provisions on repayment of loans in the agreement, the Borrower shall repay all amounts outstanding under the Facility in full on the date that is 15 years after the Final Acceptance Date.

Mandatory prepayment -Total Loss, expropriation or sale of the FPSO
The Borrower must repay all amounts outstanding under the Facility in full on the date on which Total Loss insurance proceeds or requisition compensation for such total loss or expropriation are paid by the insurers or the relevant government entity (or such later date as the Lender may agree), following:
(i)	an event of actual, constructive, compromised or agreed total loss of the FPSO; or
(ii)	any expropriation, nationalisation or compulsory acquisition of:
(A)	the shares in the Borrower or YBSD (subject to the right to replace YBSD within 60 days of the relevant event (or such longer period as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Lender), which replacement YBSD must be acceptable to the Lender (acting reasonably and without delay)); or
(B)	the FPSO.

Mandatory prepayment - Insurance Proceeds
(i)	Without prejudice to mandatory prepayment – total loss, expropriation or sale of FPSO and subject to clause (b), the Borrower shall apply all insurance proceeds received in prepayment of the outstanding loans.
(ii)	Clause (a) shall not apply in respect of any insurance proceeds:
a)	received in respect of automobile, third-party liability (including protection and indemnity), worker’s compensation, employer’s liability (to the extent that such payments are to be paid to the person who incurred the liability or to any person who has already discharged such liability), delayed completion, business interruption or other similar insurance policies; or
b)	to the extent that such insurance proceeds are:
(A)	applied 	towards 	the 	replacement, reinstatement, maintenance and/or repair of a relevant asset (or as reimbursement of the shareholder 	or 	any 	affiliate 	for 	the replacement, reinstatement, maintenance and/or repair of the relevant asset); or 
(B)	permitted to be transferred to the earnings account or the construction account, pursuant to terms and conditions of the agreement.

Mandatory prepayment - Termination payments
(i)	Subject to terms and conditions of the agreement, the Borrower shall apply any termination payments received by the Borrower under a Material Project Document in prepayment of the outstanding loans, unless, in the case of a termination payment received by the Borrower under a Material FPSO Construction Document:
a)	such termination payment is provided for a specific use or purpose in relation to the Project, including in order to comply with applicable law, in which case the Borrower shall apply such amount for that purpose; or
b)	the Lender consents to the application of such termination payment to pay Project Costs, operating costs or otherwise and such amount is so applied by the Borrower.
(ii)	Subject to terms and conditions of the agreement, any prepayment required to be made pursuant to clause (a) shall:
a)	be made by the Borrower on the immediately following interest payment date occurring after receipt of such payments; and
b)	be applied:
(A)	first, to prepay all outstanding loans under the Facility and all other amounts owing to the Lender under or in connection with the finance documents in full (and shall be applied pro rata against all remaining repayment instalments); and
(B)	then, once all amounts payable by the Borrower under or in connection with the finance documents have been paid in full and all Commitments have been cancelled or otherwise cease to be available, in payment to the Borrower,
and the Lender will, with the agreement of the Borrower, update the Repayment Schedule accordingly and provide the updated Repayment Schedule to the Borrower to attach to their counterpart of the agreement.
“Commitment” here refers to:
(i)	in relation to the Original Lender, USD378,209,456.00
(equivalent to RM1,745,625,744); and
(ii)	in relation to any other Lender, the amount of any Commitment transferred to it under the agreement,
to the extent not cancelled, reduced or transferred by it under the agreement.


Mandatory prepayment – asset sales
Subject to clause for mandatory prepayment – Total Loss, expropriation or sale of FPSO), the Borrower shall apply any net proceeds in prepayment of the outstanding loans other than:
(i)	net proceeds that are, within 12 months of receipt, contractually committed to be used to replace the assets sold or otherwise disposed of and are actually so applied within 18 months of receipt of such proceeds;
(ii)	to the extent such net proceeds are not in excess of:
(A)	USD10,000,000 (equivalent to RM46,155,000) for a single disposal; or
(B)	USD20,000,000 (equivalent to RM92,310,000) in the aggregate for all net proceeds of disposals received by the Borrower and FPSO Operator in any financial year; or
(C)	Net proceeds received for any permitted disposal described in accordance with the agreement.
Mandatory prepayment – Refinancing
The Borrower shall apply the proceeds of any refinancing of the Facility to prepay the outstanding loans in full and all other amounts owing under the finance documents.
“FPSO Operator” here refers to YBSD.
Amongst others:
Non-payment 
If the Borrower does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it pursuant to a finance document to which it is a party at the place and in the currency in which it is expressed to be payable unless payment is made within 3 business days of its due date.
Insolvency or insolvency proceedings
If any Security Provider becomes insolvent or any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in respect of any Security Provider as set out in the relevant provisions in the agreement.
Creditors’ process
Except in the circumstances described in the agreement, any expropriation, attachment, sequestration, distress or execution or any analogous process in any jurisdiction affects any asset or assets of any Security Provider which is not discharged within 45 days.

Unlawfulness and invalidity
Without limiting the clause on security which is one of the events of default in the agreement, 
(i)	it is or becomes unlawful for the Sponsor or any Security Provider to perform any of its material obligations under any finance document; or 
(ii)	any subordination created under the Undertaking Agreement in respect of a Permitted Subordinated Shareholder Loan is or becomes unlawful, 
and alternative arrangements satisfactory to the Lender are not made within 30 days from the Borrower’s receipt of notice from the Lender requiring the same to be made.
The above sections on insolvency, creditors’ process and unlawfulness and invalidity shall not apply in respect of the FPSO Operator if: 
(i)	the Borrower has commenced the process of appointing a replacement for the FPSO Operator acceptable to the Lender (acting reasonably and without delay); and 
(ii)	in any event, within 60 days of the occurrence of the relevant event or such longer period as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Lender, all rights and obligations of the FPSO Operator under the transaction documents (including undertakings provided by the Borrower on behalf of the FPSO Operator) are transferred to and assumed by a person which (A) is acceptable to the Charterer and the Lender and (B) in the reasonable opinion of the Lender, has a credit standing and experience in operating and maintaining offshore vessels of a similar scale and complexity to the FPSO at least equivalent to that of the Sponsor at the time the services agreement was entered into (or is wholly owned or controlled by an entity that has a credit standing and experience in operating and maintaining offshore vessels of a similar scale and complexity to the FPSO at least equivalent to that of the Sponsor at the time the services agreement was entered into).
Final Acceptance Date
The Final Acceptance Date does not occur on, or prior to, the Final Acceptance Long-Stop Date.
Material Project Documents
Except as a result of the FPSO becoming a Total Loss or being sold and the Facility is repaid in full in accordance with terms and conditions of the agreement, amongst others:
(i) the Borrower or the FPSO Operator receives a notice from the Charterer of its intention to terminate the Time Charter Agreement or the Services Agreement in accordance with their respective terms due to the failure by the Borrower or the FPSO Operator to comply with its obligations thereunder (“Termination Notice”) unless such failure is capable of being cured and the underlying breach is remedied within 30 days of receipt by the Borrower or the FPSO Operator of the Termination Notice.
(ii) the Borrower or the FPSO Operator does not comply with its payment or other material obligations under a Material Project Document (other than the Time Charter Agreement or services agreement) and that event gives rise to a right to terminate (however described) such Material Project Document and the Borrower or the FPSO Operator has received notice from the counterparty of its intention to terminate such Material Project Document unless:
a) in the case of a breach of a payment obligation under a Material Project Document, the Borrower or the FPSO Operator is disputing such payment obligation in good faith and the Borrower has (and continues to make) adequate provision in accordance with the accounting principles for the amount in dispute and all costs and expenses that may reasonably be expected to arise in respect of such dispute; or
b)	in the case of any other breach:
(A)	such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within 30 days of the earlier of the Lender giving notice to the Borrower and the Borrower becoming aware of such breach; or
(B)	such Material Project Document is replaced within 30 days of the earlier of the Lender notifying the Borrower and the Borrower becoming aware of the occurrence of the relevant event on substantially similar terms, with a counterparty satisfactory to the Lender and such replacement Material Project Document is made subject to the Security Document.
Security
(i) The Lender shall cease to have a first priority perfected security on any Secured Property (including the FPSO) to the extent required by the Security Document or any Transaction Security created or expressed to be created or evidenced by the Security Document ceases to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable or effective or is alleged by a party to it (other than the Lender) to be ineffective;
(ii)	the FPSO Mortgage ceases to be registered with the maritime registry and the Brazilian registry of deeds and documents;
(iii)	any security (other than permitted security) is registered on the FPSO without the prior written consent of the Lender,
provided that no event of default shall occur under clause I above if such event is rectified (or the registration of such security is removed) within 30 days.
Abandonment
The Borrower or the FPSO Operator abandons the FPSO or ceases to carry on its business (other than as expressly permitted under the Time Charter Agreement) for more than 30 consecutive days.
Misrepresentation
Save for the exceptional circumstances provided in the agreement, any representation made or deemed to be made by any Security Provider or the Sponsor in a finance document to which it is a party, or any other document or certificate delivered by or on behalf of any Security Provider or the Sponsor under or in connection with any finance document, is incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed to be made.
Equity contributions
The Sponsor or the Shareholder fails to comply with the provisions of the Shareholder and Sponsor Contributions in the Undertaking Agreement, unless such failure is remedied within 5 business days of the earlier of (i) the Lender giving notice to the Sponsor or Shareholder of such failure to comply; and (ii) the Sponsor or Shareholder becoming aware of such failure to comply.
Obligations generally
Save for the exceptional circumstances provided in the agreement, any Security Provider or the Sponsor fails to comply with any provision of a finance document to which it is a party (other than those in relation to which another event of default set out in the agreement applies).
Cross default
Save for the exceptional circumstances provided in the agreement, any financial indebtedness of any Security Provider is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described).

Arrest
The FPSO is arrested or otherwise seized or detained and is not released from such arrest, seizure or detention within 60 days.
Judgment
Any Security Provider fails to pay, within 30 days of its due date, an amount in excess of: 
(i)	for the Borrower or the FPSO Operator, USD2,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); or 
(ii)	for the Shareholder, USD25,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), 
in each case determined to be payable by it pursuant to a final, binding judgment, determination or award from a competent authority that is not subject to further appeal in respect of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings or investigations of, or before, any court, arbitral body or agency.
Change of ownership
Save for the exceptional circumstances provided in the agreement, the following occurs:
(i)	On and after the Closing Date, the Shareholder fails to hold 100% of the legal and beneficial ownership of all of the issued share capital of the Borrower. 
(ii)	On and after the Closing Date and prior to the First Call Option Utilisation Date, one or both of the Borrower and the Shareholder no longer holds (directly or indirectly) 100% of the legal and beneficial ownership of the issued share capital of the FPSO Operator.
(iii)	On and after the FPSO Operator transfer completion date as detailed in the agreement, the Borrower no longer holds 100% of the legal and beneficial ownership of the issued share capital of the FPSO Operator (unless the FPSO Operator is replaced in accordance with the terms of this Agreement).
“Security Provider” here refers to:
(i)	the Borrower; 
(ii)	the FPSO Operator; 
(iii)	the Shareholder; or 
(iv)	any other person creating or purporting to create security in favour of the Lender pursuant to a security document. 
“First Call Option Utilisation Date” here refers to the date on which the first Utilisation occurs on or after the Closing Date.

Remedies following the Event of Default
Subject to terms and conditions of the agreement on and at any time after the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing, the Lender may, amongst others: 
(i)	by notice to the Borrower cancel USD378,209,456.00 or equivalent to RM1,745,625,744.00 (“Total Commitments”) whereupon they shall immediately be cancelled and stop allowing interest payable by the Borrower to be capitalised under the provisions on payment of interest in the agreement;
(ii)	by notice to the Borrower declare that all or part of the loans, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding under the finance documents be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable;
(iii)	by notice to the Borrower declare that all or part of the loans be payable on demand, whereupon they shall immediately become payable on demand;
(iv)	issue a blocking notice (as detailed in the accounts agreement dated on the Closing Date between the Borrower, the Lender and the account bank) and instruct the account bank in accordance with the provision on event of defaults of the accounts agreement preventing the Borrower from making any payments, transfers or withdrawals from the Project Accounts (other than the Distribution Account), save for the exceptional circumstances provided in the agreement;
(v)	take enforcement action in respect of the Transaction Security including applying all amounts standing to the credit of the Project Accounts (other than the Distribution Account) in repayment of the Loans and other amounts outstanding under the finance documents;
(vi)	without limiting paragraph (e) above, enforce the FPSO Mortgage (and the Borrower must undertake to transfer title of the FPSO to the Lender or its nominee in lieu of enforcement if required by the Lender) or exercise its rights under the Transfer Deed; and/or
(vii)	take any other action which may be specified or contemplated by the agreement or a finance document.
“Distribution Account” here refers to the distribution account denominated in dollars and described in Schedule 1 of the agreement.
“Project Accounts” here refers to collectively, the earnings account, the construction account, the compensation and insurance proceeds account, the Distribution Account, the USD operating account and the EUR operating account.
Remedies following an Event of Charterer's Default
The Lender shall not exercise any of its remedies under the above clause (Remedies following an Event of Default) following an Event of Default that occurs, amongst other:
(i)	as a result of failure by the Borrower to make any payments of Debt Service if such failure results directly from a continuing Event of Charterer's Payment Default;
(ii)	as a result of an insolvency event in respect of the Charterer;
(iii)	or solely as a result of any non-performance, repudiation or other breach by the Charterer under the Time Charter Agreement or Services Agreement, which is not due to a continuing YHB’s default or FPSO Non- Performance,
(each an "Event of Charterer's Default").
The term “FPSO Non-Performance” means non-performance of the FPSO, including the failure of the FPSO to meet the required performance levels in accordance with provisions on the performance levels of FPSO in the Time Charter Agreement.
Remedies in respect of Events of Default occurring prior to the Closing Date
The Lender shall not exercise any of its remedies provided in the agreement following an event of Charterer's Default after the Closing Date in respect of any Event of Default that occurred prior to the Closing Date and is continuing on the Closing Date other than an Event of Default that was caused by YPOPL (“Sponsor”) or a person that was an affiliate of the Sponsor prior to the Closing Date.

The Shareholder shall make Shareholder Contributions in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
Each of the Sponsor, the Shareholder and the Borrower agrees to take, or cause to be taken, all actions (corporate and otherwise) necessary to: 
(i)	authorise and effectuate Equity Contributions required under the agreement; 
(ii)	ensure that all Equity Interests in the Borrower, including any Equity Interests issued in connection with such Equity Contributions, are pledged in favour of the Lender under the Dutch Share Pledge. 
“Equity interest” here refers to capital stock and all warrants, options or other rights to acquire capital stock (but excluding any debt security that is convertible into, or exchangeable for, capital stock.

The Shareholder shall make or cause to be made, on each Base Equity 
Contribution Date, Shareholder Contributions in accordance with clause 2.1 of the agreement in an amount equal to 20% of the Project Costs to be paid with the proceeds of the Loan requested on the next occurring Utilisation Date after such Base Equity Contribution Date. The 
Shareholder shall not be required to make or cause to be made Shareholder Contributions pursuant to the relevant provisions of the agreement in an amount exceeding the Base Equity Contribution.

At any time that the Shareholder is required to make any Shareholder Contribution pursuant to the agreement, to the extent the Shareholder has insufficient funds to provide such Shareholder Contribution, the Sponsor shall provide a Sponsor Contribution and procure that such Sponsor Contribution is provided by the Shareholder to the Borrower as required in accordance with the agreement.

A failure by the Sponsor or the Shareholder to comply with the requirements stipulated in the terms and conditions of the agreement will constitute an Event of Default under the agreement. However, notwithstanding anything in the finance documents, all amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Sponsor to the Lender under the
agreement or in respect of its obligations and liabilities under the finance documents shall be recoverable only from and to the extent of the Secured Property and the proceeds of realisation or enforcement of the Secured Property and the Sponsor shall not be personally liable for those moneys, obligations and liabilities.

General
The following undertakings are given by the Sponsor and the Shareholder (except as otherwise expressly provided in the agreement) with respect to itself to the Lender and shall remain in full force on and from the Closing Date until (a) in the case of the Sponsor, the last day of the Availability Period and (b) in the case of the Shareholder, the date that all outstanding Loans under the facility and all other amounts owing to the Lender under or in connection with the finance documents are repaid in full (“Discharge Date”).
Ownership of the Borrower and FPSO Operator
(i) The Shareholder shall at all times maintain direct ownership of 100% of the issued share capital of and all other Equity Interest in the Borrower.
On and after the Closing Date and prior to the FPSO Operator Transfer Completion Date, the Shareholder shall at all times maintain direct or indirect ownership 100% of the issued share capital of the FPSO Operator.
The Sponsor shall not transfer, assign, sell or otherwise dispose of ("Transfer") any of its interests in the Borrower (directly or indirectly) to any transferee (a "Transferee") unless such Transfer is consummated in compliance with the following conditions:
a)	the Lender provides its prior written consent to the Transferee (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); or
b)	the Transfer satisfies the following conditions:
(A)	the Sponsor continues to control the Borrower;
(B)	the Lender has received all information reasonably requested in respect of such Transferee to satisfy all necessary "know your customer" or other similar checks under all applicable laws in respect of such Transferee and such Transferee or any affiliate thereof has not been indicted or subjected to civil penalties for violations of applicable Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws or sanctions;
(C)	after giving effect to the Transfer the Borrower is not controlled, whether directly or indirectly, by a competitor;
(D)	no continuing Default under the relevant provisions of the Facility Agreement or any other continuing Event of Default shall have occurred before or after giving effect to such transfer.

(i) Subject to the terms and conditions of the agreement, the agreement and any obligations hereunder shall terminate on the Discharge Date.
(ii)	The obligations and liabilities of the Shareholder stipulated under the provisions of the Shareholder and Sponsor Contributions in the agreement shall terminate upon the expiry of the Availability Period.
(iii)	The obligations and liabilities of the Sponsor stipulated under the Shareholder and Sponsor Contributions and the undertakings of the Sponsor and Shareholder in the agreement shall terminate upon the expiry of the Availability Period.

PROPOSED ADOPTION OF NEW CONSTITUTION OF THE COMPANY

1.	The name of the Company is YINSON HOLDINGS BERHAD.
2.	The registered office of the Company is situated in Malaysia.
3.	The principal objects for which the Company is established are investment holding and provision of management services.
4.	Without derogating from the generality of Clause 3, the Company shall have the full capacity to carry on or undertake any business or activity that is in the best interest of the Company with full rights, powers and privileges for such purpose in accordance with Section 21 of the Act, subject always to the requirements of any applicable laws and regulations.
5.	The liability of the Members is limited.
6.	The Company shall have the power to increase or reduce its capital; to consolidate or sub-divide the shares into shares of larger or smaller amounts, and to divide the shares forming the capital (original, increased or reduced) of the Company into several classes and to attach thereto respectively, preferential, deferred or special rights, privileges or conditions as may be determined by, or in accordance with the regulations for the time being of the Company and to issue additional capital with any such rights, privileges or conditions as aforesaid, and any preference share may be issued on the terms that it is, or at the option of the Company is liable, to be redeemed.
DEFINITIONS
7. In this Constitution, words and expressions standing in the first column of the table next to hereinafter contained shall, if not inconsistent with the subject or context, bear the meanings set opposite to them respectively in the second column thereof:
Words & Expressions	Meanings
“Act”	The Companies Act 2016, or any statutory modification, amendment or reenactment thereof of the time being in force and every other act for the time being in force concerning companies and affecting the Company.
“Allottees”	Such persons whose application for the Company’s unissued Shares has been accepted by the Company and notice of allotment duly sent to him.
“Auditors”	Means the auditors of the Company for the time being.
“Authorised Nominee”	A person who is authorised to act as nominee as specified under the Rules.

“Beneficial Owner”
“Board” or “Board of 
Directors”
“Books Closing Date”
“Central 	Depositories 
Act”
“Company” 
“Constitution” or “these Presents”
“Convertible Securities”
“Deposited Securities”
“Depositor”
”Depository”
“Directors”
“Event of Transmission”
“General Meeting”
“Jumbo Certificate”
“Listing Requirements”	In relation to Deposited Securities, means the ultimate owner of the Deposited Securities who is the person who is entitled to all rights, benefits, powers and privileges and is subject to all liabilities, duties and obligations in respect of, or arising from, the Deposited Securities and does not include a nominee of any description.
Means the board of directors of the Company for the time being.
The specified time and date set by the Company for the purpose of determining persons entitled to dividends, interest, or new securities, or other distributions or rights of holders of its securities.
The Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991 and every statutory modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force.
Yinson Holdings Berhad (Company No. 259147-A)
The Constitution of the Company as constituted by this document, or as altered from time to time by a special resolution.
Securities which are convertible or exercisable by the holder, or automatically, by their terms of issue, into shares or stocks.
The securities in the Company standing to the credit of a Securities Account of a Depositor and includes such securities in the Company in a Securities Account that is in suspense, which has and shall have the meaning as given in Section 2 of the Central Depositories Act for the time being in force.
A holder of a Securities Account.
Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn Bhd.
Means the directors of the Company for the time being (inclusive of alternate or nominee directors).
Means the death, bankruptcy or insolvency of a Member or debenture holder which would result in the Member or debenture holder being unable to remain as the registered holder of a share or debenture or such other transmission by operation of law.
Means a meeting of Members of the Company.
A certificate which is registered in the name of the Depository or its nominee company, as nominee for Depositors in such denominations as requested by the Depository or its nominee company from time to time.
The Main Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad including any amendment thereto that may be made from time to time.
“Market Day”
“Member / Members”	A day on which the stock market of the Exchange is open for trading in securities.
Any person/persons for the time being holding shares in the Company and whose names appear in the Register of Members (except the Bursa Malaysia Depository Sdn. Bhd.) including Depositors who shall be treated as if he was a member pursuant to Section 35 of the Central Depositories Act but excludes the Depository in its capacity as a bare trustee.
“Month”	Calendar month.
“Office”	The registered office of the Company for the time being.
“Officer”	Means any Director, Secretary or employee of the Company.
“prescribed Securities”	Securities prescribed by the Exchange to be deposited with the Depository under and in accordance with Section 14 of the Central Depositories Act.
“Record of Depositors”	A record provided by the Depository to the Company under Chapter 24 of the Rules.
“Register of Members”	The Register of Members to be kept pursuant to the Act and where context requires includes Record of Depositors.
“Representative of Member”	Includes any of the following persons:
(a)	Representative appointed by a corporation or a limited liability partnership which is a Member; or
(b)	Attorney appointed by the Member by a power of attorney.
“Rules”	The Rules of the Depository, including any amendment that may be made from time to time.
“Seal”	The Common Seal of the Company or in appropriate cases the official seal or duplicate Common Seal.
“Secretary”	Any person or persons appointed under Section 236 of the Act to perform the duties of Secretary of the Company and shall include any person or persons entitled to perform the duties of Secretary either temporarily or otherwise.
“Securities”	Has the meaning given in Section 2(1) of the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007.
“Securities Account”	Means an account established by the Depository for a Depositor for the recording of deposit of securities and for dealings in such securities by the Depositor.
“Securities Commission”	Means the Securities Commission Malaysia established under Section 3 of the Securities Commission Malaysia Act 1993.
“Shareholder”	Means a holder of one or more share(s) in the Company.
“Shares”	Ordinary shares of the Company.
“The Exchange”	Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad and such other stock exchange if any upon which the shares of the Company may be listed and quoted.
INTERPRETATION
8. (A) “In writing” and “written” shall include printing, lithography and other modes of representing or reproducing words in a visible form.
(B)	“Dividend” shall include bonus.
(C)	“Paid up” shall include credited as paid up.
(D)	Words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa.
(E)	Words denoting the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter gender.
(F)	Words denoting persons shall include corporations.
(G)	Unless the contexts require otherwise, other words and expressions contained in these Presents shall bear the same meaning as in the in the Act when these Presents become effective and binding on the Company.
The headnotes are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation and construction of the provision in this Constitution.
CLASSES OF SHARES
9.	(A) The share capital of the Company is its issued share capital. The shares in the original or any increased capital may be divided into several classes and there may be attached thereto respectively any preferential, deferred or other special rights, privileges, conditions, or restrictions as to dividends, capital, voting or otherwise.
(B) (i) The Company may also allot preference shares or convert any issued shares into preference shares.
 
(ii)	Without prejudice to any special rights previously conferred on the holders of any shares or class of shares already issued, any shares in the Company (whether forming part of the original capital or not) may be issued with or have attached thereto such preferred, deferred or other special rights, or such restrictions, whether in regard to dividend, return of capital, voting or otherwise, as the Company may from time to time by ordinary resolution determine, provided that:
(1) the holders of preference shares shall have the same rights as the holders of ordinary shares as regards receiving notices, reports and audited accounts and attending General Meetings. The holders of a preference shares must be entitled to a return of capital in preference to holders of ordinary shares when the Company is wound up. Preference shareholders shall only have the right to vote in each of the following circumstances:
(a)	when the dividend or part of the dividend on the shares is in arrears for more than six (6) months;
(b)	on a proposal to reduce the Company’s share capital;
(c)	on a proposal for the disposal of the whole of the Company’s property, business and undertaking;
(d)	on a proposal that affects rights attached to the preference shares;
(e)	on a proposal to wind up the Company; and
(f)	during the winding up of the Company.
(iii)	The Company shall not without the consent of the existing preference shareholders at a class meeting or pursuant to Clause 9 hereof issue further preference capital ranking in priority to preference shares already issued but may issue preference shares ranking equally therewith.
(iv)	Subject to the Act, any preference shares may be issued on the terms that they are, or at the option of the Company are liable, to be redeemed.
(v)	The repayment of preference share capital other than redeemable preference shares, or any other alteration of preference shareholder rights, may only be made pursuant to a special resolution of the preference shareholders concerned, PROVIDED ALWAYS that where the necessary majority for such a special resolution is not obtained at the meeting, consent in writing if obtained from the holders of three-fourths (3/4) of the preference shares concerned within two (2) months of the meeting, shall be as valid and effectual as a special resolution carried at the General Meeting.
10.	The Company may, subject to, and in accordance with the Act, Listing Requirements, Central Depositories Act, the Rules, regulations, orders and guidelines governing purchase of own shares by listed companies as set out by the Exchange made pursuant to the Act, the conditions, restrictions and limitations expressed in this Constitution, the requirements of the Exchange and any other relevant authority, purchase its own shares.
MODIFICATION OF RIGHTS
11.	If at any time the share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may, whether or not the Company is being wound up, be varied or abrogated with the consent in writing of the holders of seventy-five per centum (75%) of the issued shares of that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class. To every such separate meeting the provisions of this Constitution relating to General Meeting shall mutatis mutandis apply so that the necessary quorum shall be two (2) persons at least holding or representing by proxy at least one-third (1/3) of the number of issued shares of the class (excluding any shares of that class held as treasury shares) (but so that if at any adjourned meeting of such holders a quorum as above defined is not present, those persons who are present shall be a quorum) and that any holder of shares of the class present in person or by proxy may demand a poll. To every such special resolution the provisions of Section 292 of the Act shall apply with such adaptations as are necessary.
12.	The special rights conferred upon the holders of any shares or class of shares issued with preferred or other special rights shall not unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of such shares be deemed to be modified by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu therewith.
ISSUE OF SECURITIES
13.	(A) Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Central Depositories Act, Listing Requirements and the Rules, the Company shall allot and/or issue Securities, despatch notices of allotment to the successful Allottees and make an application for the quotation of such Securities within the stipulated time frame as may be prescribed by the Exchange.
(B)	Save and except where it is specifically exempted from compliance with Section 38 of the Central Depositories Act, all new issues of shares or Securities for which listing is sought shall be made by way of crediting the Securities Accounts of the Allottees with such shares and Securities, and for this purpose, the Company shall notify the Depository of the names of the Allottees and all such particulars required by the Depository, to enable the Depository to make the appropriate entries in the Securities Accounts of such Allottees.
(C)	The Company shall cause or authorise its Registers to instruct Depository to cause the Securities Accounts of the Allottees be credited with additional Securities but until after it has filed with the Exchange an application for admission of such additional securities and been notified by the Exchange that they have been authorised for listing.
(D)	The Depository or its nominee company shall be entitled to receive Jumbo Certificates in denominations requested by the Depository or its nominee company for Securities that are Deposited Securities which shall be issued in accordance with the Central Depositories Act and the Rules. If the Depository or its nominee company shall require more than one Jumbo Certificate in respect of the Securities that are Deposited Securities, it shall pay such fee as the Directors may from time to time determine and which the Company may be permitted to charge by law plus any stamp duty levied by the Government from time to time.
(E)	Every certificate shall be issued under share seal, as hereinafter provided, and shall specify the number of shares to which it relates and the amount paid up thereon.
(F)	Without prejudice to any special rights previously conferred on the holders of any existing shares or class of shares and subject to the provisions of these Presents, the Act, any applicable laws, and the provisions of any resolution of the Company, the Board may issue, allot or otherwise dispose of such shares to such persons at such price, on such terms and conditions, with such preferred, deferred or other special rights and subject to such restrictions and at such times as the Board may determine but the Board in making any issue of shares shall comply with the following conditions:
(i)	No shares be issued at a discount except in compliance with the provisions of Section 79 of the Act and the Listing Requirements.
(ii)	In the case of shares offered to the public for subscription, the amount payable on application on each share shall not be less than five per cent (5%) of the offer price of the share.
(iii)	In the case of shares other than ordinary shares, no special rights shall be attached until the same have been expressed in this Constitution and in the resolution creating the same.
(iv)	No issue of shares shall be made which will have the effect of transferring a controlling interest in the Company to any person or corporation without the prior approval of the Members of the Company in General Meeting.
(v)	No Director shall participate in a share issuance scheme of the Company unless the Members in General Meeting have approved of the specific allotment to be made to such Director.
(G)	Subject to any direction to the contrary that may be given by the Company in General Meeting, all new shares or other convertible Securities shall, before issue, be offered to such persons as at the date of the offer are entitled to receive notices from the Company of General Meetings in proportion as nearly as the circumstances admit, to the amount of the existing shares or Securities to which they are entitled. The offer shall be made by notice specifying the number of shares or Securities offered, and limiting a time within which the offer, if not accepted, will be deemed to be declined, and, after the expiration of that time, or on the receipt of an intimation from the person to whom the offer is made that he declines to accept the shares or Securities offered, the Directors may dispose of those shares or Securities in such manner as they think most beneficial to the Company. The Directors may likewise also dispose of any new share or Security which (by reason of the ratio which the new shares or Securities bear to shares or Securities held by persons entitled to an offer of new shares or Securities) cannot, in the opinion of the Directors, be conveniently offered under this Constitution.
14.	The Company (or the Directors on behalf of the Company) may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by Section 80 of the Act, provided that the commission paid or agreed to be paid shall not exceed ten per cent (10%) of the price at which the shares in respect of which the commission is paid are issued and shall be disclosed in the manner required by that Section. The Company (or the Directors on behalf of the Company) may on any issue of shares pay such brokerage as may be lawful.
15.	If any shares of the Company are issued for the purpose of raising money to defray the expenses of the construction of any works or buildings or the provision of any plant which cannot be made profitable for a long period, the Company (or the Directors on behalf of the Company) may, subject to the conditions and restrictions prescribed by Section 130 of the Act, pay interest or returns on the amount of such share capital as is for the time being paid up and may charge the same to share capital as part of the cost of construction of the works, buildings or plant. Capital paid on shares in advance of calls shall not, whilst carrying interest, confer a right to participate in profits.
16.	Except as authorised by law and as provided under the Rules, no person shall be recognised by the Company as holding any share upon any trust, and the Company shall not be bound by or recognise any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any share or (except only as by these Presents otherwise provided) any interest in any fractional part of a share or any other right in respect of any share, except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the registered holder.
17.	Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Central Depositories Act and the Rules, if any share certificates shall be defaced, worn out, damaged, destroyed, lost or stolen, it may be renewed on such evidence being produced and a letter of indemnity, if required being given by the Depository as the Directors of the Company shall require, and (in case of defacement, wearing out or damage) on delivery up of the old certificate, and in any case on payment of such sum not exceeding RM3.00 or such other sum as may be prescribed by the Exchange. In case of the destruction, loss or theft of a share certificate, Depository shall also bear the loss and pay to the Company all expenses incidental to the investigation by the Company of such destruction, loss or theft.
LIEN ON SHARES
18.	(A)	The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on every share (not being a fully paid share) 
for:
(i)	any amount due or unpaid in respect of the share which has been called or is payable at a fixed date and/or time;
(ii)	all amounts that the Company may be called on by law to pay in respect of the share; and/or
(iii)	any reasonable interest in respect of the unpaid amounts on the share and reasonable expenses incurred by the Company in respect of receiving unpaid amounts on the share.
(B)	The Company’s lien, if any, on a share extends to all dividends payable in respect of the share which may be retained and applied towards the satisfaction of any or all amounts due to the Company in respect of which the lien exists.
(C)	The Directors may at any time declare a share to be wholly or partly exempt from Clauses 18(A) or (B), or both.
(D)	No person is entitled to exercise any rights or privileges as a Member until the Member has paid all calls, instalments of calls and other moneys (including interest and expenses) for the time being payable in respect of which the lien exists.
(E)	The registration of a transfer of a share approved by the Directors shall operate as a waiver of the Company’s lien over the share.
19.	The Company may sell, in such manner as the Directors think fit, any shares on which the Company has a lien, but no sale shall be made unless some sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, nor until the expiration of fourteen (14) days after a notice in writing, stating and demanding payment of the sum presently payable and giving notice of intention to sell in default, shall have been given to the holder for the time being of the share or the person entitled thereto by reason of his death or bankruptcy.
20.	To give effect to any such sale, the Directors may authorise some person to transfer the shares sold to the purchaser thereof. The purchaser shall be registered as the holder of the shares comprised in any such transfer and the Directors shall not be bound to see to the application of the purchase money, and the title of the purchaser to the shares sold shall not be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings in reference to the sale.
The proceeds of the sale shall be received by the Company and applied in payment of such part of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, and the residue, if any, shall (subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed upon the shares before the sale) be paid to the person entitled to the shares at the date of the sale or his executors, administrators or assignees or as he directs.
CALLS ON SHARES
21.	(A) The Directors may from time to time make calls upon the Members in respect of any monies unpaid on their shares, PROVIDED that (except as otherwise fixed by the terms of issue) no call on any share shall exceed one-fourth (1/4) of the issued price of the share or be payable at less than thirty (30) days from the date fixed for the payment of the last preceding call; and each Member shall (subject to his being given at least fourteen (14) days’ notice specifying the date, time and place of payment) pay to the Company the amount called on his shares.
(B)	A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution of the Directors authorising the call was passed and such resolution may authorise the call to be made by instalments.
(C)	The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect of their shares.
(D)	A call may be revoked or postponed as the Directors may determine.
22.	If a sum called in respect of a share is not paid before or on the day appointed for payment thereof, the person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest or compensation on that sum from that day to the time of actual payment at a rate not exceeding eight per cent (8%) per annum as the Directors may determine, but the Directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of such interest wholly or in part.
23.	Any sum which, by the terms of issue of a share, becomes payable on allotment or at any fixed date, shall be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date on which, by the terms of issue, the shares becomes payable and in the case of non-payment, all the relevant provisions of this Constitution as to payment of interest and expenses, forfeiture or otherwise shall apply as if such sum had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and notified.
24.	The Directors may, on the issue of shares, differentiate between the holders in the amount of calls to be paid and in the times of payment.
25.	The Directors may, if they think fit, receive from any Members all or any part of the monies uncalled and unpaid upon the shares held by such Member, and upon receipt of all or any of the monies so advanced, the Company may (until the same would, but for such advance become presently payable) pay interest or return at a rate, not exceeding (unless the Company in General Meeting shall otherwise directs) eight per cent (8%) per annum, as may be agreed upon between the Directors and the Member paying the sum in advance (unless the Company in a General Meeting otherwise directs). Such capital paid on shares in advance of calls shall not, whilst carrying interest, confer a right to participate in profits. 
TRANSFER OF SHARES
26.	(A) The transfer of any listed Security or class of listed Security of the Company, shall be by way of book entry by the Depository in accordance with the Rules and, notwithstanding Sections 105, 106 and 110 of the Act, but subject to Section 148(2) of the Act and any exemption that may be made from compliance with Section 148(1) of the Act, the Company shall be precluded from registering and effecting any transfer of the listed Securities.
(B)	Subject to the provisions of this Constitution, the Central Depositories Act and the Rules, any transfer of shares may be effected by an instrument in writing and in the form approved by the Act, the Exchange and the Rules, where applicable, and shall be presented to the Depository with such evidence, if any, as the Depository may require to prove the title of the intended transferor and that the reason for the transfer shall fall within the approved reasons as stipulated under the Rules.
(C)	A fee of such sum as shall from time to time be fixed by the Depository may be charged for each transfer subject to the provisions of the Central Depositories Act and the Rules.
27.	Subject to the provisions of this Constitution, the Act, the Central Depositories Act and the Rules, the instrument of transfer of a share wherever applicable shall be executed by the relevant parties as may be provided thereof and the transferor shall remain the holder of the shares concerned until the name of the transferee is entered in the Register of Members in respect thereof.
28.	(A) The Directors may decline or delay to register any transfer of shares within thirty (30) days from the receipt of the instrument of transfer if:
(i)	the shares are not fully paid shares;
(ii)	the Directors passed a resolution with full justification to refuse or delay the registration of transfer;
(iii)	the Company has a lien on the shares; and/or
(iv)	the Shareholder fails to pay the Company an amount due in respect of those shares, whether by way of consideration for the issue of the shares or in respect of the sums payable by the Shareholder in accordance with this Constitution.
(B)	Where applicable, the Company shall send a notice of the resolution referred to in Clause 28(A) to the transferor and transferee, within seven (7) days of the resolution being passed by the Directors.
29.	(A)	There shall be no restriction on the transfer of fully paid Securities except where required by law. 
(B)	The Depository may, in its absolute discretion, refuse to effect any transfer of Deposited Securities which does not comply with the Central Depositories Act and the Rules.
30.	On giving at least fourteen (14) days’ notice to the Registrar of Companies to close the Register of Members or register of debenture holders, the Company may close the Register of Members or register for any class of Members or register of debenture holders (“Registers”) for the purpose of updating the Registers. The registration of transfer may be suspended at such time and for such period as the Directors may from time to time determine, provided that no part of the relevant Register(s) be closed for more than thirty (30) days in aggregate in any calendar year.
TRANSMISSION OF SHARES
31.	Where:
(A)	the Securities of the Company are listed on another stock exchange; and
(B)	the Company is exempted from compliance with Section 14 of the Central Depositories Act or Section 29 of the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) (Amendment) Act 1998, as the case may be, under the Rules in respect of such Securities,
the Company shall, upon request of a Securities holder, permit a transmission of Securities held by such Securities holder from the register of holders maintained by the registrar of the Company in the jurisdiction of the other stock exchange to the register of holders maintained by the share registrar of the Company in Malaysia and vice versa provided that there shall be no change in the ownership of such Securities.
32.	In case of the death of a Member or debenture holder, the only persons recognised by the Company as having any title to the interest of the deceased Member or debenture holder in the shares or debentures shall be:
(A)	the survivor(s), where the deceased Member or debenture holder was a joint holder; and 
(B)	the legal personal representatives or administrator(s) of the deceased Member or debenture holder, where the deceased Member or debenture holder was a sole holder,
but nothing herein contained shall release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability in respect of any share which had been jointly held by him with other persons.
33.	Any person becoming entitled to a share or debenture in consequence of an Event of Transmission may, upon such evidence being produced as may from time to time be properly required by the Depository and/or the Directors, and subject as hereinafter provided, elect either to be registered himself as holder of the share or debenture or to have some other person nominated by him registered as the transferee thereof. If the person so becoming entitled elects to be registered himself, he shall deliver or send to the Company and/or Depository a notice in writing signed by him stating that he so elects. If he elects to have another person registered, he shall testify his election by executing a transfer of such share or debenture to that person.
All limitations, restrictions and provisions of this Constitution relating to the rights to transfer and the registration of transfer of shares or debentures shall apply to any notice or transfer of shares or debentures as if the Event of Transmission had not occurred and the notice or transfer were a transfer signed by that Member or debenture holder. 
34.	(A) Upon an Event of Transmission and the receipt by the Company of the relevant notification as required under the Act and/or the Rules together with such documentary evidence as required by the Directors and/or Depository from the person who is entitled to the title to the relevant shares or debentures, the Company shall register the person as a Shareholder or debenture holder of the Company within sixty (60) days from its receipt of the notification (together with the required documentary evidence) or such period as specified by the Depository.
(B)	The registration of transmission of shares or debentures under Clause 32(B) shall entitle the registered holder to the same dividends and other advantages, and to the same rights (whether in relation to meetings of the Company, or to voting or otherwise), as the registered holder would have been entitled to if the registered holder had not suffered an Event of Transmission.
(C)	Where two (2) or more persons are jointly entitled to any shares or debentures in consequence of the death of the registered holder, they shall, for the purpose of this Constitution, be deemed to be joint holders of the shares or debentures.
35.	Fees may be charged by the Depository in respect of the registration of any instrument of transfer or probate or letters of administration or notice in lieu of power of attorney or other document relating to or affecting the title to any share or otherwise for making an entry in the Register of Members affecting the title to any share but only to the extent permitted by law and the Exchange governing the Register of Members upon which such share is registered.
FORFEITURE OF SHARES
36.	If a Member fails to pay any call or instalment of a call on the day appointed for payment thereof, the Directors may, at any time thereafter whilst any part of such call or instalment remains unpaid, serve a notice on him requiring payment of the amount unpaid, together with any interest at such rate not exceeding eight per cent (8%) per annum as the Directors shall determine, which may have accrued.
37.	The notice shall state a further day (not being less than fourteen (14) days from the date of service of the notice) on or before which, and the place where, the payment required by the notice is to be made, and shall state that, in the event of non-payment or before the date and at the place appointed, the shares on which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.
38.	If the requirements of any such notice are not complied with, any share in respect of which the notice has been given may, at any time thereafter before payment of all calls, interest and expenses due in respect thereof has been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Directors to that effect. Such forfeiture shall include all dividends declared in respect of the forfeited shares and not actually paid before the forfeiture.
39.	Any shares and dividends so forfeited shall be deemed to be the property of the Company. A forfeited share may be either sold or disposed of to the person who was before forfeiture the holder thereof or entitled thereto, or to any other person, upon such terms and in such manner as the Directors shall think fit. The forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Directors think fit at any time before a sale or disposition of the forfeited shares.
40.	A Member whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a Member in respect of the forfeited shares, but shall, notwithstanding the forfeiture, remain liable to pay to the Company all monies which at the date of forfeiture were presently payable by him to the Company in respect of the shares together, with interest or compensation at the rate of eight per cent (8%) per annum from the date of forfeiture until the Company receives payment in full of all such monies in respect of the shares but the Directors shall be at liberty to waive payment of such interest wholly or in part.
41.	A statutory declaration in writing that the declarant is a Director or the Secretary of the Company, and that a share has been duly forfeited on a date stated in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons claiming to be entitled to the shares, and such declaration and the receipt of the Company for the consideration (if any) given for the share on the sale or disposition of the share shall constitute a good title to the share, and the person to whom the share is sold or disposed of shall be registered as the holder thereof, and his title to the share shall not be affected by any irregularity or invalidity in the proceedings relating to the forfeiture, sale or disposal of the share. If any share is forfeited and sold, any residue after the satisfaction of the unpaid calls and accrued interest and expenses, shall be paid to the person whose shares have been forfeited, or his executors, administrators or assignees or as he directs.
CONVERSION OF SHARES INTO STOCK
42.	The Company may by special resolution passed at a General Meeting convert any paid-up shares into stock, and re-convert any stock into paid-up shares in accordance with Sections 84(1)(b) and 86 of the Act. 
43.	(A) The stockholders may transfer their stock or any part thereof in the same manner as the transfer of shares from which the stock arose may, before the conversion, have been transferred or be transferred in the closest manner as the circumstances allow.
(B) The Directors may from time to time fix the minimum amount of stock transferable and restrict or forbid the transfer of fractions of that minimum.
44.	The stockholders shall, according to the amount of the stock held by them, have the same rights, privileges and advantages as regards dividends, participation in assets on a winding up, voting at meetings and other matters, as if they held the shares from which the stock arose, but no such privilege or advantage except participation in the dividends and profits of the Company and in the assets on a winding up shall be conferred by any such part of stock which would not, if existing shares have conferred that privilege or advantage.
45.	For the purpose of these Presents as are applicable to paid-up shares shall apply to stock, and the words “share” and “Shareholder” therein shall include “stock” and “stockholder”. 
ALTERATION OF CAPITAL
46.	The Company in General Meeting may from time to time by ordinary resolution increase its capital by such number of shares and the terms and conditions of the issue, as the resolution shall prescribe.
47.	(A)	The Company may from time to time by special resolution and subject to other applicable laws or requirements:
(i)	consolidate and divide all or any of its share capital, the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each subdivided share shall be the same as it was in the case of the share from which the subdivided share is derived;
(ii)	subdivide its shares or any of them into shares, whichever is in the subdivision; the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each subdivided share shall be the same as it was in the case of the share from which the subdivided share is derived;
(iii)	cancel shares which, at the date of the passing of the resolution in that regard, have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person or which have been forfeited and diminish the amount of its share capital by the amount of the shares so cancelled or in such other manner allowed by law; or
(iv)	subject to the provisions of the Act, convert any class of shares into any other class of shares.
(B) The Company may also by a special resolution reduce its share capital in such manner permitted by law, and (where applicable) subject to the relevant required approvals being obtained.
CONVENING OF GENERAL MEETINGS
48. (A) The Company shall hold an Annual General Meeting in every calendar year pursuant to Section 340 of the Act to transact the following ordinary business:
(i)	The laying of audited financial statements and the reports of the Directors and Auditors;
(ii)	The proposal of dividend (if any); 
(iii)	The election and re-election of Directors and the fixing of the fees and benefits of the Directors;
(iv)	The appointment of Directors and the fixing of the fees and benefits of the Directors; and
(v)	The appointment or re-appointment of Auditors and the fixing of the remuneration of the Auditors; 
(B)	All businesses, including any resolution or other business of which notice is given in accordance with the Act or this Constitution (except for Clause 48(A)) shall be special that is transacted at an Annual General Meeting and also that is transacted at other General Meeting.
(C)	Subject to Clause 48, all meetings of Members shall be called General Meeting.
(D)	The Board:
(i)	may, whenever it thinks fit, convene a meeting of the Members, and
(ii)	shall convene a General Meeting on the request of the Members pursuant to Section 311 of the Act.
(E)	A General Meeting may be requisitioned by:
(i)	any Member(s) holding at least ten per cent (10%) of the issued and paid-up share capital of the Company pursuant to Section 310(b) and 311(3)(a) of the Act; or
(ii)	any of the Members representing more than one half of the total voting rights of all of the Members who requisitioned the General Meeting pursuant to Section 313(1) of the Act.
NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS
49.	(A)	A notice of a General Meeting must specify the following: 
(i)	the place, date and time of the General Meeting;
(ii)	the general nature of the business of the General Meeting; and
(iii)	the text of any proposed resolution and other information as the Directors think fit
(B)	The notices convening General Meetings shall specify the place, day and hour of the General Meeting, and shall be given to all shareholders at least fourteen (14) clear days before the General Meeting or at least twenty-one (21) clear days before the General Meeting where a special resolution is to be proposed or where it is an Annual General Meeting. Any notice of a General Meeting called to consider special business shall be accompanied by a statement regarding the effect of any proposed resolution in respect of such special business. At least fourteen (14) clear days’ notice or twenty-one (21) clear days’ notice in the case where any special resolution is proposed or where it is the Annual General Meeting, of every such meeting shall be given by advertisement in at least one (1) nationally circulated Bahasa Malaysia or English daily newspaper and in writing to each stock exchange upon which the Company is listed.
(C)	The notice of General Meeting shall exclude the date of issuing the notice and the date of the General Meeting.
(D)	If the General Meeting is to be held in two (2) or more places, the notice of the General Meeting shall specify the technology or method that will be used to facilitate the General Meeting.
(E)	The main venue of the General Meeting shall be in Malaysia and the chairperson shall be present at that main venue of the General Meeting.
(F)	The Company shall request the Depository in accordance with the Rules, to issue a Record of Depositors to whom notices of General Meetings shall be given the Company.
(G)	The Company shall also request the Depository in accordance with the Rules, to issue a Record of Depositors, as at a date not less than three (3) market days before the General Meeting (hereinafter referred to as “the General Meeting Record of Depositors”).
(H)	Subject to the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) (Foreign Ownership) Regulations 1996 (where applicable), a depositor shall not be regarded as a Member entitled to attend any General Meeting and to speak and vote thereat unless his name appears in the General Meeting Record of Depositors.
50.	(A) An Annual General Meeting may be called by a notice shorter than the period referred to in Clause 49(B) if so agreed by all the Members entitled to attend and vote at the General Meeting.
(B)	A General Meeting, other than an Annual General Meeting and a General Meeting for passing of a special resolution, may be called by a notice shorter than the period referred to in Clause 49(B) if so agreed by a majority in the number of the Members who collectively hold not less than ninety-five per cent (95%) of the total number of shares giving the rights to attend and vote at the General Meeting, excluding any shares in the Company held as treasury shares.
51.	Every notice of meeting shall state with reasonable prominence that a member entitled to attend and vote is entitled to appoint a proxy or proxies to attend and vote instead of him and that a proxy need not be a Member and shall also specify the place at which the instrument of proxy is to be deposited.
52.	The accidental omission to give notice of any meeting to or the non-receipt of the notice by any person shall not invalidate the proceedings at the meeting.
PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS
53.	No business shall be transacted at any General Meeting unless a quorum is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business. Two (2) Members present in person and entitled to vote shall be a quorum for all purposes. For the purposes of this Clause, “Member” includes a person attending as a proxy or by Representative of Member. 
54.	If within half an hour after the time appointed for the meeting a quorum is not present, the meeting, if convened on the requisition of or by Members, shall be dissolved. In any other case it shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if that day be a public holiday, then the next business day following that public holiday) at the same time and place, or such other date, time or place as the Directors may by not less than fourteen (14) days’ notice appoint, and if at such adjourned meeting a quorum is not present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting, the meeting shall be dissolved.
55.	The Chairman of the Board of Directors (or if he is absent or unable to act or there is no Chairman), the Managing Director shall preside as chairman at the General Meeting. If neither Chairman nor Managing Director are present within fifteen (15) minutes after the time appointed for holding the meeting or is unwilling to act as Chairman, the meeting shall choose other Director present to be Chairman, and if no Director is present of if all the Directors present decline to take the chair, the meeting shall choose one of the Members present to be Chairman.
56.	The Chairman may with the consent of any meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting) adjourn the meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. When such meeting is adjourned for twenty-one (21) days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. Save as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an adjourned meeting.
57.	Any resolution set out in the notice of any General Meeting, or in any notice of resolution which may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at any General Meeting shall be voted on by poll.
58.	Subject to any express requirement of the Listing Requirements, at any General Meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded:
(A)	by the Chairman; or
(B)	by at least three (3) Members present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote; or
(C)	by any Member or Members present in person or by proxy and representing not less than onetenth (1/10) of the total voting rights of all the Members having the right to vote at the meeting; or
(D)	by a Member or Members present in person or by proxy and holding shares in the Company conferring a right to vote at the meeting and being shares on which an aggregate sum has been paid up equal to not less than one-tenth (1/10) of the total sum paid up on all the shares conferring that right.
Unless a poll is so demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has been carried or carried unanimously or by a particular majority or lost, and an entry to that effect in the minute book, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against such resolution.
59.	A poll shall be taken in such manner and either forthwith or after an interval or adjournment or otherwise as the chairman directs and the result of the poll shall be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll was taken.
The Company shall appoint at least one (1) scrutineer for the purposes of a poll in accordance with the applicable laws, and may, in addition to the power of adjourning meetings contained in Clause 56 hereof adjourn the meeting to some place and time fixed for the purpose of declaring the result of the poll. 
The poll may be conducted manually using voting slips or electronically using various forms of electronic voting devices. Such votes shall be counted by the poll administrator, and verified by the scrutineer(s), as may be appointed by the Company for the purpose of determining the outcome of the resolution(s) to be decided on poll. Any vote cast by way of electronic polling shall also be constituted a vote by the Members or proxies or corporate representatives, for all purposes of this Constitution.
60.	A poll demanded on the election of the chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken forthwith. A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken at such time and place as the chairman directs.
61.	In the case of an equality of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall be entitled to a further or casting vote.
VOTES OF MEMBERS
62.	(A) Subject to Clause 49, every Member shall be entitled to be present and to vote at any General Meeting either personally or by proxy in respect of any share or shares upon which all calls due to the Company have been paid and shall be entitled to appoint any person or persons as proxy to attend and vote instead of the Member at the meeting, a proxy or proxies duly appointed to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company shall have the same rights as the Member to speak at the meeting.
(B)	Subject to any special rights or restrictions as to voting for the time being attached to any shares or classes of shares, on a show of hands every Member who is present in person or by proxy shall have one vote, and on a poll every Member who is present in person or by proxy shall have one vote for every share of which he is the holder. A proxy shall be entitled to vote on a show of hands on any question at any General Meeting PROVIDED:
(i)	A Member shall not be entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote at a meeting of the Company instead of him.
(ii)	Where a Member appoints two (2) proxies, he shall specify the proportion of his holdings to be represented by each proxy.
(iii)	In the case of joint holders, the joint holders shall be considered as one (1) Member.
(C)	If the capital of the Company consists of shares of different monetary denominations, voting rights shall be prescribed in such manner that each unit of capital in each class, when reduced to a common denominator, shall carry the same voting power when such right is exercisable.
(D)	(i) Where a Member of the Company is an authorised nominee as defined under the Central Depositories Act, it may appoint not more than two (2) proxies in respect of each Securities Account it holds with ordinary shares of the Company standing to the credit of the said Securities Account.
(ii)	Where a Member of the Company is an exempt authorised nominee which holds ordinary shares in the Company for multiple beneficial owners in one Securities Account (“omnibus account”), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds.
(iii)	Where an authorised nominee appoints two (2) proxies, or where an exempt authorised nominee appoints two (2) proxies, the proportion of shareholdings to be represented by each proxy must be specified in the instrument appointing the proxies.
63.	For the purposes of Clause 62(B), if the joint holders purport to exercise the power to vote in the same way, the power is treated as exercised in that way. If the Joint Holders do not purport to exercise the power in the same way, the power is treated as not exercised.
64.	For the purposes of Clause 62(B), when a corporate Member appoints more than one (1) representative, if its representatives purport to exercise the power to vote in the same way, the power is treated as exercised in that way. If the representatives do not purport to exercise the power in the same way, the power is treated as not exercised.
65.	Any corporation which is a Member of the Company may, by resolution of its directors or other governing body, authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at a particular meeting or at all meetings of the Company, and the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could exercise if it were an individual Member of the Company.
66.	A Member who is of unsound mind or whose person or estate is liable to be dealt with in any way under the law relating to mental disorder may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee or by such other person as properly as the management of his estate and any such committee or other person may vote by proxy or attorney.
67.	Any person entitled under the transmission Clause of this Constitution to transfer any shares may vote at any General Meeting in respect thereof in the same manner as if he was the registered holder of such shares, PROVIDED that at least forty-eight (48) hours before the time of holding the meeting or adjourned meeting, as the case may be, at which he proposes to vote he shall satisfy the Directors of his right to transfer such shares unless the Directors shall have previously admitted his right to vote at such meeting in respect thereof.
68.	No Member shall be entitled to vote at any General Meeting unless all calls or other sums presently payable by the Member in respect of shares in the Company have been paid.
69.	No objection shall be raised to the qualification of any voter except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is given or tendered, and every vote not disallowed at such meeting shall be valid for all purposes. Any such objection made in due time shall be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision shall be final and conclusive.
70.	On a poll, votes may be given either personally or by proxy. A Member entitled to more than one (1) vote need not, if he votes, use all his votes or cast all the votes he uses in the same way.
71.	The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing, or if the appointor is a corporation, either under its common seal or signed by an officer or attorney so authorised. A proxy may, but need not, be a Member of the Company. There shall be no restriction as to the qualification of the proxy. 
72.	The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or other authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarially certified copy of that power or authority shall be deposited at the Office or at such other place as is specified for that purpose in the notice convening the meeting not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time set for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the instrument proposes to vote or in the case of a poll not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the time appointed for taking of the poll, and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid. No instrument appointing a proxy shall be valid after the expiration of twelve (12) months from the date named in it as the date of its execution. A cable from any authorised place where proxies have been lodged addressed to the Secretary at the Office or place appointed for the holding of the meeting or taking of the poll and setting out details of the instruments of proxy deposited at such authorised place shall, if received prior to the commencement of the meeting or the taking of the poll, be prima facie evidence thereof and the person named in the proxy shall, in voting be entitled to reply on the contents of such a cable.
73.	An instrument of proxy may be in any common form or in any other form which the Directors shall approve and need not be witnessed. Any form of proxy issued by the Company shall be so worded that a Member may direct his proxy to vote either for or against any of the resolutions to be proposed. The proxy shall be deemed to include the right to demand, or join in demanding, a poll. Unless the contrary is stated thereon an instrument appointing a proxy, whether in the usual common form or not, shall be valid as well for any adjournment of the meetings as for the meeting to which it relates.
74.	A vote given in accordance with terms of an instrument of proxy shall be valid, notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under which the proxy was executed or the transfer of the share in respect of which the proxy is given, PROVIDED that no intimation in writing of such death, insanity, revocation or transfer shall have been received by the Secretary before the commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxy is used.
DIRECTORS
75.	The first Directors of the Company were: 
(A)	Lim Han Weng
(B)	Bah Kim Lian (f)
76.	All the Directors of the Company shall be natural persons and, until otherwise determined by the Company in General Meeting, the number of Directors including a Managing Director shall not be less than two (2) nor more than twelve (12). 
77.	(A) The remuneration of the Directors, who hold no executive office with the Company, for their services as Directors shall be determined by the Company by ordinary resolution at a General Meeting. If the remuneration of each such Non-Executive Director is not specifically fixed by the 
Company in General Meeting then the quantum of remuneration to be paid to each NonExecutive Director, within the overall limits fixed by the Company in General Meeting, shall be decided by resolution of the full Board of Directors. In default of any decision being made in this respect by the full Board of Directors, the remuneration payable to the Non-Executive Directors shall be divided equally amongst them and such a Director holding office for part only of a year shall be entitled to a proportionate part of a full year’s remuneration. The Non-Executive Directors shall be paid by a fixed sum and not by a commission on or a percentage of profits or turnover.
(B)	Fees payable to Directors shall not be increased except pursuant to a resolution passed at a General Meeting, where notice of the proposed increase has been given in the notice convening the meeting.
(C)	Executive Directors of the Company shall be remunerated in the manner referred to in Clause 94 but such remuneration shall not include a commission on or a percentage of turnover.
78.	Any Director who by request of the Board serves on any committee or performs special services for any purposes of the Company may be paid such extra remuneration by way of salary or otherwise (subject to any other provisions of these Presents) as the Board may determine. Any extra remuneration payable to a Non-Executive Director shall not include a commission on or a percentage of profits or turnover whilst the extra remuneration to an Executive Director shall not include a commission on or a percentage of turnover. All the Directors shall also be entitled to be repaid by the Company all such reasonable travelling (including hotel and incidental) expenses as they may incur in attending meetings of the Board or committees of the Board or General Meetings or otherwise in or about the business of the Company.
79.	A Director shall not require a share qualification but nevertheless shall be entitled to attend and speak at any General Meeting of, and at any separate meeting of, the holders of any class of shares in the Company.
80.	The office of a Director shall be vacated in any of the following events, namely if he –
(A)	(not being a Managing Director holding office as such for a fixed term) resigns his office by notice in writing to the Company at the Office;
(B)	Becomes bankrupt or compounds with his creditors;
(C)	has retired in accordance with the Constitution but is not re-elected;
(D)	is removed from office in accordance with the Act or the Constitution of the Company;
(E)	becomes disqualified from being a Director under Sections 198 or 199 of the Act;
(F)	becomes of unsound mind or a person whose person or estate is liable to be dealt with in any way under the law relating to Mental Health Act 2001;
(G)	if he is absent from more than 50% of the total board of directors’ meeting during a financial year unless the Board accepts the reason(s) provided by him for his absence subject always to a procurement of waiver from compliance with the Listing Requirements is obtained from the Exchange;
(H)	dies; or
(I)	is so removed by ordinary resolution at a General Meeting.
81.	(A)	Other than the office of Auditors, a Director may hold any other office or place of profit under the 
Company and he or any firm of which he is a member may act in a professional capacity for the Company in conjunction with his office of Director for such period and on such terms (as to remuneration and otherwise) as the Directors may determine.
(B)	No Director or intending Director shall be disqualified by his office from contracting or propose to contract or arranging with the Company either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, nor shall any such contract or proposed contract or arrangement entered into by or on behalf of the Company in which any Director is in any way interested be liable to be avoided, nor shall any Director so contracting or propose to contract or arranging or being so interested be liable to account to the Company for any profit realised by any such contract or proposed to contract or arrangement by reason of such Director holding that office, or of the fiduciary relation thereby established, but the nature of his interest must be declared by him at the meeting of the Directors at which the question of entering into the contract or proposed contract or arrangement is first taken into consideration or, if the Director was not at the date of that meeting interested in the proposed contract or arrangement, then at the next meeting of the Directors held after he became so interested or, in a case where the Director becomes interested in a contract or proposed to contract or arrangement after it is made, at the first meeting of the Directors held after he becomes so interested. Provided nevertheless, that subject to any other provisions of these Presents, a Director shall not as a Director vote in respect of any contract or proposed contract or arrangement in which he is so interested, directly or indirectly, and if he shall do so his vote shall not be counted, nor shall he be counted in the quorum present at a meeting upon the consideration of a motion concerning any such contract or proposed contract or arrangement, but neither of these prohibitions shall apply to any contract or proposed contract or arrangement for giving to a Director any security or indemnity in respect of money lent by him or obligations undertaken by him for the benefit of the Company.
(C)	A general notice in writing which complies with Section 221(4) and (5) of the Act, given to the Directors by any Director shall be deemed to be sufficient declaration of interest in relation to the subject matter of the notice.
82.	Any Director may continue to be or become a director, managing director, manager or other officer or member or any other corporation in which the Company may be interest, and no such Director shall be accountable for any remuneration or other benefits received by him as a director, managing director, manager or other officer or member of any such other corporation. The Directors may exercise the voting power conferred by the shares in any other corporation held or owned by the Company, or exercisable by them as directors of such other corporation, in such manner in all respects as they think fit (including the exercise thereof in favour of any resolution appointing themselves or any of them directors, managing directors, managers or other officers of such corporation or voting or providing for the payment of remuneration to the directors, managing directors, managers or other officers of such corporation), and any Director of the Company may vote in favour of the exercise of such voting rights in the manner aforesaid, notwithstanding that he may be, or about to be, appointed a director, managing director, manager or other officer of such other corporation and as such is or may become interested in the exercise of such voting rights in the manner aforesaid, provided always that no Director shall vote (or be counted in the quorum) in respect of a resolution concerning his own appointment.
83.	The Directors shall cause to be kept the register of their holdings of shares and debentures of the Company and of its holding company (if any), and of any subsidiaries of the Company or its holding company, required by Section 59 of the Act, and shall render the same available for inspection during the period and by the persons therein specified, and shall produce the same at every Annual General Meeting as required by the Section.
POWER OF DIRECTORS
84.	The business of the Company shall be managed by the Directors, who may pay all expenses incurred in forming and registering the Company and may exercise all such powers of the Company as are not by the Act or by this Constitution required to be exercised by the Company in General Meeting, subject nevertheless to this Constitution, to the provisions of the Act, and to such regulations, being not inconsistent with this Constitution or such provisions, as may be prescribed by ordinary resolution of the Company in General Meeting, but no regulation made by the Company in General Meeting shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors which would have been valid if the regulation had not been made. The general powers given by this Clause shall not be limited or restricted by any special authority or power given to the Directors by any other Clause. Any sale or disposal by the Directors of a substantial portion of the Company’s main undertaking or property shall be subject to ratification by shareholders in General Meeting.
85.	The Directors may establish any local boards or agencies for managing any of the affairs of the Company in any part of the world, and may appoint any persons to be member of such local boards, and any managers and agents, and may fix their remuneration, and may delegate to any local board, manager or agent any of the powers, authorities and discretion vested in the Directors with power to sub-delegate, and may authorise the members of any local board, or any of them to fill any vacancies therein, and to act notwithstanding vacancies. Any such appointment or delegation may be made upon such terms and subject to such conditions as the Directors may think fit. The Directors may remove any person so appointed, and may annul or vary any such delegation, but no person dealing in good faith and without notice of any such annulment or variation shall be affected thereby.
86.	The Directors may establish and maintain or procure the establishment and maintenance of any noncontributory or contributory pension, provident or superannuation funds for the benefit of, and give or procure the giving of donations, gratuities, pensions allowances or emoluments to, any persons who are or were at any time Directors or officers of the Company or of any such other company as aforesaid and holding or who held any salaried employment or office in the Company or such predecessors or other company and the wives, widows, families and dependents of any such persons, and may make payments for or towards the insurance of any such persons as aforesaid, and may do any of the matters aforesaid either alone or in conjunction with any such other company as aforesaid Subject always, if the Act shall so require, to particulars with respect thereto being disclosed to the members and to the proposal being approved by the Company by ordinary resolution, a Director holding any such employment or office shall be entitled to participate in and retain for his own benefit any such donation, gratuity, pension, allowance or emoluments. A Director may be counted in the quorum present at a meeting upon the consideration of a motion in respect of any matter referred to in this Clause and may vote as a Director upon any resolution in respect of any such matter notwithstanding that he is personally interested in such matter but only where such matter is intended to be for the benefit generally of all, or any class or classes, of such employees and servants or former employees or servants (including Directors or other officers) and/or their respective wives, widows, families and dependents.
87.	The Directors may by power of attorney under the Seal appoint any corporation, firm or person, or any fluctuating body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the Directors, to be the attorney or attorneys of the Company for such purposes and with such powers, authorities and discretion (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Directors under these Presents) and for such period and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such power of attorney may contain such provisions for the protection and convenience of persons dealing with any such attorney as the Directors may think fit and may also authorise any such attorney to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and discretion vested in him.
88.	The Directors may make and vary such regulations as they think fit in respect of the keeping of branch registers of members pursuant to Section 53 of the Act.
89.	(A) The Directors may borrow or raise money from time to time for the Company and its subsidiaries or secure the payment of such sums as they think fit and may secure the repayment or payment of such sums by mortgage or charge upon all or any of the property or assets of the Company (both present and future) including its uncalled capital for the time being or by the issue of bonds, notes or debentures (whether at par or at a discount or premium) or otherwise as they may think fit.
(B)	The Directors may exercise all the powers of the Company to guarantee the payment of money payable under contracts or obligations of any related company with or without securities.
(C)	The Directors shall not borrow any money or mortgage or charge any of the Company or the subsidiaries’ undertaking, property, or any uncalled capital, or to issue debentures and other securities whether outright or as security for any debt, liability or obligation of an unrelated third party.
90.	All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and other negotiable or transferable instruments, and all receipts or monies paid to the Company, shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed or otherwise executed, as the case may be, in such manner as the Directors shall from time to time by resolution determine.
MANAGING AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
91.	The Directors may from time to time appoint one or more of their body to be Managing Director or Managing Directors and any such appointment shall be subject to a term not exceeding three (3) years. A Managing Director or Managing Directors shall be subject to the control of the Board.
92.	A director appointed to the office of Managing Director shall while holding that office, be subject to retirement by rotation and shall be taken into account in determining the number of Directors to retire pursuant to Clause 96 of this Constitution but his appointment shall be determined ipso facto if he ceases from any cause to be a Director or (subject to the terms of any contract between him and the Company) if the Directors resolve that his term of office as Managing Director be determined.
93.	An Executive Director shall not as such be exempted from retirement by rotation, and his tenure of the office or employment by virtue whereof he is an Executive Director shall not be determined by reason only of his ceasing for any reason to be a Director, but (subject to the terms of any contract between him and the Company) may be determined at any time by resolution of the Directors.
94.	Subject to any other provisions of this Constitution, the remuneration of any Managing Director or Executive Director for his services as such shall be determined by the Directors and may be of any description.
95.	The Directors may entrust to and confer upon a Managing Director or Executive Director any of the powers exercisable by them as Directors upon such terms and conditions and with such restrictions as they think fit and, in the case of a Managing Director, either concurrently with or to the exclusion of their own powers, and may from time to time revoke, withdraw or vary all or any of such powers.
ROTATION OF DIRECTORS
96.	One-third (1/3) of the Directors for the time being or, if their number is not three (3) or a multiple of three 
(3), the number nearest to but not exceeding one-third (1/3), shall retire from office at each Annual General Meeting and at the same time an election of directors shall take place and PROVIDED further that all Directors shall retire from office once at least in each three (3) years but shall be eligible for reelection. A Director retiring at a meeting shall retain office until the conclusion of the meeting.
97.	The Directors to retire in every year shall be those who have been longest in office since their election or appointment but, as between persons who became or were last re-elected Directors on the same day, those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.
98.	The Company at the meeting at which a Director retires in the manner aforesaid shall fill up the vacated office by electing a person thereto and, in default, the retiring Director shall be deemed to have been reelected unless at such meeting it is expressly resolved not to fill up the vacated office or a resolution for his re-election shall have been put to the meeting and lost.
99.	No person not being a retiring Director shall be eligible for election to the office of Director at any General Meeting unless some member intending to propose him has, at least eleven (11) clear days before the meeting, left at the Office a notice in writing duly signed by the nominee, giving his consent to the nomination and signifying his candidature for the office and the intention of such member to propose him; PROVIDED that in the case of a person recommended by the Directors for election, nine (9) clear days’ notice only shall be necessary, and notice of each and every candidature for election to the Board of Directors shall be served on the registered holders of shares at least seven (7) days prior to the meeting at which the election is to take place.
100.	The Company in General Meeting may from time to time by ordinary resolution increase or reduce the number of Directors, and may also determine in what rotation such increased or reduced number is to go out of office.
101.	The Directors shall have power at any time to appoint any other person to be a Director, either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board, but so that the total number of Directors shall not at any time exceed the maximum number fixed by or in accordance with this Constitution. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the conclusion of the next following Annual General Meeting and shall be eligible for re-election at such meeting. A Director retiring under this Clause shall not be taken into account in determining at such meeting the Directors or the number of Directors to retire by rotation at such meeting.
102.	Except as otherwise authorised by Section 203 of the Act, the election or appointment of any person proposed as a Director shall be effected by a separate resolution and a single resolution purporting to elect or appoint two (2) or more persons to be Directors shall be ineffective and void.
103.	Without prejudice to the provisions of Section 206 of the Act, the Company may by ordinary resolution remove any Director before expiration of his period of office, and may by an ordinary resolution appoint another person in his place. The person so appointed shall be subject to retirement at the same time as if he had become a Director on the day on which the Director in whose place he was appointed was last elected or appointed a Director.
PROCEEDINGS OF DIRECTORS
104.	The Directors may meet together for the dispatch of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate their meetings as they think fit. Questions arising at any meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes. In case of an equality of votes, the chairman shall have a second or casting vote except where only two 
(2) Directors form a quorum or are competent to vote on the question at issue. A Director may, and the Secretary on the requisition of a Director shall, at any time summon a meeting of the Directors. It shall not be necessary to give notice of a meeting of Directors to any Director for the time being absent from Malaysia.
105.	A meeting of the Board of Directors or a Committee appointed by the Board of Directors may be held by means of a video conference or telephone conference or other telecommunications facilities which permits all persons participating in the meeting to communicate with each other. A person so participating shall be deemed to be present in person at such meeting and unless otherwise provided in this Constitution, shall be counted in a quorum and be entitled to vote and the meeting shall be deemed to have been held in Malaysia.
106.	The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors shall be two (2) unless otherwise determined by the Directors. The Chairman of a meeting at which only such a quorum is present shall not have a casting vote.
For the purpose of determining whether the quorum for the transaction of the business of the Directors exists:
(A)	in the case of a resolution agreed by Directors in telephonic communications, all such Directors shall be counted in the quorum; and
(B)	in the case of a meeting of Directors, in addition to the Directors present at the meeting, any Director(s) in telephonic communications with such meeting shall be counted in the quorum.
107.	The continuing Directors may act notwithstanding any vacancies in the Board but, if and so long as the number of Directors is reduced below the minimum number fixed by or in accordance with this Constitution, the continuing Directors may act for the purpose of filling up vacancies in the Board or of summoning General Meetings of the Company, but not for any other purpose, except in an emergency.
108.	The Directors may elect a chairman of their meetings and determine the period for which he is to hold office but, if no such chairman is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within five (5) minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, the Directors present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.
109.	A resolution in writing signed or approved by a majority of Directors being entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Directors shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors duly called and constituted PROVIDED that where a Director has an alternate, then such resolution may also be signed by such alternate. All such resolutions shall be described as “Directors’ Written Resolutions” and shall be forwarded or otherwise delivered to the Secretary without delay, and shall be recorded by him in the Company’s Minutes Book. Any such resolution may consist of several documents in like form (prepared and circulated by electronic mail or other communication modes), each signed by one (1) or more Directors. Any such document may be accepted as sufficiently signed by a Director if transmitted to the Company by any technology purporting to include a signature and/or electronic or digital signature of the Director. 
110.	A meeting of the Directors for the time being at which a quorum is present shall be competent to exercise all powers and discretion for the time being exercisable by the Directors.
111.	The Directors may delegate any of their powers to committee consisting of such member or members of their body as they think fit. Any such committee shall, in the exercise of the powers so delegated, conform to any regulations that may be imposed on it by the Directors. 
 	 
112.	The meetings and proceedings of any such committee consisting of two (2) or more members shall be governed by the provisions of this Constitution regulating the meetings and proceedings of Directors, so far as the same are applicable and are not superseded by any regulations made by the Directors under the last preceding Clause. 
 	 
113.	All acts done by any meeting of Directors or of a committee of Directors, or by any person acting as a Director shall, notwithstanding it be afterwards discovered that there was some defect in the appointment of any Director or person acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed and was qualified and had continued to be a Director. 
 	 
ALTERNATE DIRECTORS 
 
114.	A Director may appoint a person to act as his alternate provided that: 
 	 
(A)	such person is not a Director of the Company; 
 	 	 
(B)	such person does not act as an alternate for more than one Director of the Company; 
 	 	 
(C)	the appointment is approved by a majority of the other members of the Board; and 
 	 	 
(D)	any fee paid by the Company to the alternate shall be deducted from that Director’s remuneration. 
 	 
115.	An alternate Director shall (except as regards power to appoint an alternate Director and remuneration) be subject in all respects to the terms and conditions existing with reference to the other Directors and shall be entitled to receive notices of all General Meetings and meetings of the Directors and to attend, speak and vote at any such meeting at which his appointor is not present. 
 	 
116.	(A) An alternate Director shall ipso facto cease to be an alternate Director if his appointor ceases for any reason to be a Director otherwise than by retiring and being re-elected at the same meeting. 
 	 	  
 (B) Every person acting as a substitute for a Director shall be deemed to be an officer of the Company, shall be responsible to the Company for his own acts and defaults, and shall not be deemed to be the agent of or for the Director appointing him. 
 	 	 
117.	All appointments and removal of alternate Directors shall be effected by writing signed by the appointor and left with the Secretary. 
 	 
AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS 
 	 
118. (A) Any Director or the Secretary or any other person approved by the Board shall have the power to  authenticate any documents effecting the Constitution of the Company and any resolution passed  by the Company or the Board and any books, records, documents and accounts relating to the  business of the Company and to certify copies thereof or extracts therefrom as true copies or  extracts. 
 	  
(B)	A document purporting to be a copy of a resolution of the Board or an extract from the minutes of  a meeting of the Directors which is certified as such in accordance with the provisions of Clause  118(A) hereof shall be conclusive evidence in favour of all persons dealing with the Company  upon the faith thereof that such resolution has been duly passed or, as the case may be, that 
	 	such extract is a true and accurate record of a duly constituted meeting of the Board. 
 	 	 
(C)	A document or proceeding requiring authentication by the Company may be signed by any 
 Director or the Secretary or any other person approved by the Board and need not be made  under the Seal. 
 	 
 
SECRETARY
119.	The Secretary or Secretaries shall in accordance with the Act, be appointed by the Directors for such term, at such remuneration, and upon such conditions as the Directors think fit and any Secretary or Secretaries so appointed may be remove by them. The Directors may from time to time by resolution appoint a temporary substitute for the Secretary or Secretaries who shall be deemed to be the Secretary during the terms of his appointment.
120.	A provision of the Act or this Constitution requiring or authorising a thing to be done by or to a Director and the Secretary shall not be satisfied by it being done by or to the same person acting in both capacities.
MINUTES
121.	The Directors shall cause minutes to be made in books provided for the purpose:
(A)	of all appointments of officers made by the Directors;
(B)	of the names of the Directors present at each meeting of Directors and of any committee of Directors; and
(C)	of all resolutions and proceedings at all meeting of the Company and of the Directors and of committee of Directors.
THE SEAL
122.	The Seal shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of the Board or a committee of the Board and every instrument to which the Seal shall be affixed shall, except as provided by Clause 123, be signed by a Director and countersigned by a second Director or by the Secretary or anyone whose signature the Board may by resolution determine to be an authorised signatory from time to time.
123.	All forms of certificate of shares, stock or debenture stock or representing any other form of security other than letters of allotment shall be issued under the Seal and bear the autographic signatures of a Director and countersigned by a second Director or the Secretary or anyone whose signature the Board may by resolution determine to be an authorised signatory from time to time; provided that the Board may by resolution determine that such signatures be affixed by some method or system of mechanical signature. The method or system of reproducing signature shall first be approved by the Auditors of the Company and a copy of the approval shall be forwarded to the Exchange.
124.	The Company may exercise the powers conferred by Sections 62 and 63 of the Act with regard to an official seal for use outside Malaysia and the affixation of seal on shares certificates etc, and such powers shall be vested in the Directors.
DIVIDENDS AND RESERVES
125.	The Company may make a distribution of dividends to the Members out of profits of the Company available if the Company is solvent, but no dividend shall exceed the amount as authorised by the Board.
126.	The Board may authorise a distribution at such time and in such amount as the Board considers appropriate, if the Board is satisfied that the Company will be solvent immediately after the distribution is made. The Company is regarded as solvent if the Company is able to pay its debts as and when the debts become due within twelve (12) months immediately after the distribution is made.
127.	The Directors may pay to the members such interim dividends as appear to the Directors to be justified by the profits of the Company.
128.	All dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid on the shares in respect of which the dividend is paid, but no amount paid on a share in advance of calls shall be treated for the purposes of this Clause as paid on the share. All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid on the shares during any part or parts of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid; but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a particular date, such share shall rank for dividend accordingly.
129.	Any General Meeting declaring a dividend may, upon the recommendation of the directors, direct payment of satisfaction of such dividend wholly or partly by the distribution of specific assets and in particular of paid-up shares or debentures of any other company. The Directors shall give effect to such direction, and where any difficulty arises in regard to such distribution the Directors may settle it as they think expedient, and in particular may issue fractional certificates and fix the value for distribution of such specific assets or any part thereof and may determine that cash payments shall be made to any members upon the footing of the value so fixed in order to adjust the rights of those entitled to participate in the dividends as may seem expedient to the Directors.
130.	The Directors may, before recommending any dividend, set aside out of the profits of the Company and carry to reserve or reserves such sums as they think proper, and the sums represented thereby shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose to which the profits of the Company may properly be employed in the business of the Company or invested in such investments (other than shares of the Company or its holding company, if any) as the Directors may from time to time think fit.
131.	The Directors may deduct from any dividend payable to any member all sums of money (if any) presently payable by him to the Company on account of calls or otherwise in relation to the shares of the Company.
132.	No dividend shall bear interest against the Company. All unclaimed dividends shall be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of the Unclaimed Moneys Act 1965.
133.	Any dividend may be paid by cheque sent through the post to the registered address of the member or person entitled thereto or paid by direct transfer or such other electronic means to the bank account provided by the Member whose name appears in the Record of Depositors. Every such cheque or the payment by direct transfer or such other electronic means to the bank account provided by the Member whose name appears in the Record of Depositors shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is sent and payment of the cheque or the instruction for the payment by direct transfer or such other electronic means shall be a good discharge to the Company of the dividend to which it relates. 
CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS AND RESERVES
134.	The Company in General Meeting may, upon the recommendation of the Directors, resolve that is desirable to capitalise any sum standing to the credit of any of the Company’s reserve accounts or any sum standing to the credit of the profit and loss account or otherwise available for distribution and accordingly that the Directors be authorised and directed to appropriate such sum resolved to be capitalised to the members who would have been entitled thereto if distributed by way of dividend, and in the same proportions, and to apply such sum on their behalf, either in or towards paying up the amounts; if any, for the time being unpaid on any shares held by such members respectively, or in paying up in full unissued shares or debentures of the Company to be allotted and distributed, credited as fully paid up, to and amongst such Members in the proportion aforesaid, or partly in one way and partly in the other and the Board shall give effect to such resolution. 
135.	Whenever such a resolution as aforesaid shall have been passed, the Directors shall make all appropriations and applications of the sum resolved to be capitalised thereby, and all allotments and issued of fully paid shares or debentures, if any, and generally shall do all acts and things required to give effect thereto, and shall have full power to make such provision, by the issue of fractional certificates or by payment in cash or otherwise as they think fit, for shares or debentures becoming distributable in fractions, and also to authorise any person to enter, on behalf of all the Members entitled thereto, into an agreement with the Company providing for the allotment to them respectively, credited as fully paid up, of any further shares or debentures to which they may be entitled upon such capitalisation, or (as the case may require) for the payment by the Company on their behalf by the application thereto of their respective proportions of the sums resolved to be capitalised of the amounts or any part of the amounts remaining unpaid on their existing shares, and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such members.
ACCOUNTS
136.	The Directors shall cause to be kept such books of accounts as are necessary to exhibit and explain the transactions and financial position of the Company and to give a true and fair view of the state of its affairs, and in particular as necessary to comply with the provisions of the Act.
137.	The books of account shall be kept at the Office or (subject to the provisions of the Act) at such other place as the Directors think fit, and shall at all times be open to inspection by the Directors. No member (other than a Director) shall have any right of inspecting any account or book or document of the Company, except as conferred by the Act or authorised by the Directors or by the Company in General Meeting.
138.	The Directors shall from time to time in accordance with the provisions of the Act cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in General Meeting the audited financial statements and Directors’ Reports and in accordance with the Act. The interval between the close of a financial year of the Company and the issue of annual report that includes annual audited financial statements together with the Auditors’ and Directors’ Reports shall not exceed four (4) months.
139.	A copy of each of the audited financial statements, the Directors’ and Auditors’ Reports in printed form or in CD-ROM or other electronic form permitted under the Listing Requirements or any combination thereof, shall, not less than twenty-one (21) days before the date of the Annual General Meeting be sent to every Member of and to every holder of debentures of the Company and to every other person who is entitled to receive notice of General Meetings from the Company under the provisions of the Act or of this Constitution.
AUDIT
140.	Auditors of the Company shall be appointed and their duties regulated in accordance with Section 266 and Sections 271 to 287 of the Act.
141.	The Auditors’ report to the Members made pursuant to the statutory provisions as to audit shall be open to inspection by any Member who shall be entitled to be furnished with a copy of the audited financial statements (including every document required by law to be annexed thereto) and Auditors’ report in accordance with Section 266 of the Act.
NOTICES
142.	Any notice or document required to be sent to Members may be given by the Company or the Secretary to any Member:
(A)	in hard copy, either personally or sent by post to him in a prepaid letter addressed to him at his last known address;
(B)	in electronic form, and sent by the following electronic means:
(i)	transmitting to his last known electronic mail address; or 
(ii)	publishing the notice or document on the Company’s website provided that a notification of the publication of the notice or document on the website via hard copy or electronic mail or short messaging service has been given in accordance with Section 320 of the Act and the Listing Requirements; or 
(iii)	using any other electronic platform maintained by the Company or third parties that can host the information in a secure manner for access by Members provided that a notification of the publication or availability of the notice or document on the electronic platform via hard copy or electronic mail or short messaging service has been given to them accordingly. 
143.	Any notice or document shall be deemed to have served by the Company to a Member:
(A)	Where the notice or other document, is sent in hard copy by post, shall be deemed to have been served (in the case of a notice of meeting) on the day the letter containing the same is posted or (in any other case) at the time when the letter containing the same would be delivered in the ordinary course of post. In proving such service, it shall be sufficient to prove that the letter containing the notice or document was properly addressed, stamped and posted.
(B)	Where the notice or document is sent by electronic means:
(i)	Via electronic mail, at the time of transmission to a Member’s electronic mail address pursuant to Clause 142(B)(i), provided that the Company has record of the electronic mail being sent and that no written notification of delivery failure is received by the Company; 
(ii)	Via publication on the Company’s website, on the date the notice or document is first made available on the Company’s website provided that the notification on the publication of notice or document on website has been given pursuant to Clause 142(B)(ii); or 
(iii)	Via electronic platform maintained by the Company or third parties, on the date the notice or document is first made available thereon provided that the notification on the publication or availability of the notice or document on the relevant electronic platform has been given pursuant to Clause 142(B)(iii).
Subject to the Listing Requirements, in the event that service of a notice or document pursuant to Clause 143(B) is unsuccessful, the Company must, as soon as reasonably practicable from discovery of delivery failure, make alternative arrangements for service by serving the notice or document in hard copy in accordance with Clause 143(A) hereof.
The Member may request for a hard copy of the Company’s documents from the Company if they are sent by electronic means pursuant to Clause 142(B) above. 
144.	A Member’s address, electronic mail address and any other contact details provided to Bursa Depository shall be deemed as the last known address, electronic mail address and contact details respectively for purposes of communication including but not limited to service of notices and/or documents to the Member.
145.	A notice and/or document required to be sent to Members may be given by the Company to the persons entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member by sending it through representatives of the deceased or assignee of the bankrupt or by any like description, at his last known address, in any manner in which the same might have been served if the death or bankruptcy has not occurred. Every person who by operation of law, transfer, transmission or other means whatsoever shall become entitled to any share, shall be bound by every notice and/or document in respect of such share which, prior to his name and/or address being entered in the Register of Members as the registered holder of such share have been duly given to the person from whom he derives the title to such share.
146.	(A)	Notice of every General Meeting shall be given in any manner hereinbefore specified to:
(i)	every Member;
(ii)	every person entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a Member who but for his death or bankruptcy would be entitled to receive notice of the meeting; (iii) the Auditors of the Company; and
	(iv)	the Directors of the Company.
(B) All notices served for and on behalf of the Company or the Directors shall only be effectual if it bears the name of a Director or the Secretary or a duly authorised officer of the Company and which are issued by order of the Board pursuant to a resolution duly passed by the Directors.
147.	Any notice and/or document required by a court of law or otherwise required or allowed to be given by the Company to the Members or any of them, and not expressly provided for by this Constitution or which cannot for any reason be served in the manner referred to in Clause 142 and 143 hereof, shall be sufficiently given if given by advertisement, and any notice and/or document required to be or which may be given by advertisement, shall be deemed to be duly advertised once advertised in a widely circulated Bahasa Malaysia or English daily newspaper in Malaysia.
WINDING UP
148.	If the Company is wound up, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the Company, divide amongst the members in specie or in kind the whole or any part of the assets of the Company (whether they consist of property of the same kind or not) and may for that purpose set such value as he deems fair upon any property to be divided as aforesaid and may determine how the division shall be carried out as between the members or different classes of members. The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of any such assets in trustees upon such trusts for the benefit of the members as the liquidator, with the like sanction, thinks fit, but so that no member shall be compelled to accept any shares or other securities whereon there is any liability.
149.	Save that this Clause shall be without prejudice to the rights of holders of shares issued upon the special terms and conditions, the following provision shall apply:
(A)	if the Company shall be wound up and the assets available for distribution among the Members as such shall be insufficient to repay the whole of the paid-up capital, such assets shall be distributed so that as nearly as may be the losses shall be borne by the members in proportion to the capital paid up or which ought to have been paid up, at the commencement of the winding up, on the shares held by them respectively; and
(B)	if in a winding up the assets available for distribution among the members shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the capital paid up at the commencement of the winding up, the excess shall be distributed among the members in proportion to the capital paid up or which ought to have been paid up, at the commencement of the winding up, on the shares held by them respectively.
150.	On the voluntary liquidation of the Company, no commission or fee shall be paid to a liquidator unless it shall have been approved by shareholders of the Company in General Meeting. The amount of such payment shall be notified to all Members at least seven (7) days prior to the meeting at which the commission or fee is to be considered.
INDEMNITY
151. Subject to the provisions of the Act, every Director, Auditor, Secretary or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified by the Company against all costs, charges, losses, expenses and liabilities incurred by him in the execution and discharge of his duties or in relation thereto and in particular and without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, no Director, Manager, Secretary or other officer of the Company shall be liable for the acts, receipts, neglects or defaults of any other Director or officer or for joining in any receipt or other act for conformity or for any loss and expenses happening to the Company through the insufficiency or deficiency of title to any property acquired by order of the Directors for or on behalf of the Company or for the insufficiency or deficiency of any security in or upon which any of the money of the Company shall be invested or for any loss or damage arising from the bankruptcy, insolvency or tortuous act of any person with whom any money, securities or effects shall be deposited or left or for any other loss, damage or misfortune whatever which shall happen in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation thereto unless the same happens through his own negligence, willful, default, breach of duty or breach of trust.
SECRECY CLAUSE
152. Save as may be expressly provided by the Act, no member shall be entitled to enter into or upon or inspect any premises or property of the Company nor to require discovery of any information respecting any detail of the Company’s trading or any matter which is or may be in the nature of a trade secret, mystery of trade or secret process which may relate to the conduct of business of the Company and which, in the opinion of the Directors, it would be inexpedient in the interests of the Members of the Company to communicate to the public.
ALTERATION OF CONSTITUTION
153. Subject to this Constitution, no amendment whether by way of rescission, alteration or addition shall be made to this Constitution unless the same has been passed by a special resolution.
EFFECT OF THE LISTING REQUIREMENTS
154.	(A)	Notwithstanding anything contained in this Constitution, if the Listing Requirements prohibit an act being done, the act shall not be done.
(B)	Nothing contained in this Constitution prevents an act being done that the Listing Requirements require to be done.
(C)	If the Listing Requirements require an act to be done or not to be done, authority is given for that act to be done or not to be done (as the case may be).
(D)	If the Listing Requirements require this Constitution to contain a provision and they do not contain such a provision this Constitution is deemed to contain that provision.
(E)	If the Listing Requirements require this Constitution not to contain a provision and they contain such a provision, this Constitution is deemed not to contain that provision.
(F)	If any provision of this Constitution is or becomes inconsistent with the Listing Requirement, this Constitution is deemed not to contain that provision to the extent of the inconsistency.
(G)	For the purpose of this Clause, unless the context otherwise requires, “Listing Requirements” means Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements including any amendment to the Listing Requirements that may be made from time to time.
 













